"Calm down, Nicolas. You don"t wanna do something extreme." Stella said calmly. "I already have. What"s one more body!" he said. "Another 10 years." I told him. I glared at me. "This is your fault." he told me. "No its not. Its no ones fault. The rookie made a mistake. And how do you think he felt? He knows it was him that fucked up." "Good." "Then why go after me and Natali!?" I yelled again. "Because you"re happy. You cant be happy. You don"t deserve her. You can protect her. We wen through this already. You worthless. You love her like I loved my wife and now you"ll get to feel what its like to loose that." He said pulling her closer to the edge. I was so relieved when I saw Don, Mac and Stella walk through the door. He hadn"t hurt me but he didn"t let me make a move. I tried to talked to him but he knew what I was trying to do. Reverse psychology. He wouldn"t let me. After they got there I was able to talk to him for a few. He honestly believe that Don was to blame and that"s when I got even more scared. Mac tried to talk to him and even Don tried to put in a few words. But I knew he wasn"t buying it. He wanted to show don what it felt like to loose someone you love but me and Don weren"t in love. We were barely dating. Yeah we had feelings for each other. But we weren"t too sure how deep they went. "Nicolas. Me and Don don"t love each other. We"ve known each other two months. We"re barley dating. We"ve only had one date and it was ruined because of you"re killing spree." I told him. He shook his head. "No. I can see it. Whether you two can or not I see it. Its there you just haven"t grasped it yet." he said to me. "I agree." Mac stated. I looked at him confused. Everyone knew that we loved each other except us. What the hell?! "You see it too?" Nicolas asked him. Mac nodded. "Told Don that earlier. She"s good for him. I know how it feel to loose your spouse. I lost mine in the 9/11 attacks. And as mad as I was I would never wish that on anyone. Its too painful. Why would you want that for Don?" he asked. "Because he needs to feel it." "No one needs to feel it. What would your wife say? How would she react to you doing this?" Mac asked. I felt his grip loosen. "I don"t know. But it doesn"t matter. She"s gone." He walked closer to the hole in the wall. He turned me to face him. "Tell her I said I miss her." He said that and pushed me. I tired to grab onto him or anything but I wasn"t quick enough. As I fell out the hold I was Don running and screaming toward me. Thanks for reading. Please review...It makes me happy! And don"t forget to check out the CSI:NY FanFiction Awards. It is so worth your time. Sorry it took so long. I usually get my chapters out pretty fast but I had my SAT today so I was studying. So here it is. Hope you like it! Don"t forget to leave me a review...good or bad. I take criticism well. I watched as he pushed her toward the hole and I ran. I saw her try to reach for some thing to hold onto but failed. I got to the hole as her hands were slipping off the sides. I grabbed her by her forearm and pulled her up. She was sobbing by the time she put her feet on the ground. She sat between my legs and sobbed into my chest. I looked over and saw Mac cuffing and cursing at Sventinski. Stella ran over to us and rubbed her back as the paramedics ran up the stairs. She looked as if she barely noticed the EMT"s checking her out. They took her down to the ambulance and took her vitals. "We"re going to take her in just in case. Her vitals are a little elevated so we"re going to check her out and probably give her something to calm her down. I nodded and walked over to her. She tried to stand up from the bumper of the ambulance but sat back down. "You"re going to the hospital, ok? They wanna check your vitals longer and maybe give you something to calm you down." "Come with me?" She asked. I went to tell her I couldn"t when Mac walked up and answered for me, only his was different. "Yes. He"s going with you. I"ll finish up here, Don. Go with her and make sure she"s okay." I nodded and stepped up into the ambulance as they were about to leave. She was quiet the whole way to the hospital. She didn"t even move. The EMT said it was probably shock and that they would give her some sedatives at the ER. We got to the ER and they put her in a room. She sat on the bed and looked out the window. "I"m sorry." I told her. She looked over at me. "For what?" She asked softly. I walked over to ger and sat with her on the bed. "For getting you in this mess. If you hadn"t met me, you wouldn"t be here." She grabbed my hand and gave me little smile. "Well, if I hadn"t met you I wouldn"t have had that awesome kiss the other day. So, as long as I get another one, there"s no need to apologize." She looked better as she said this. I smiled and leaned into her. I paused for a second to see if she would pull away but when she didn"t I brushed my lips against hers. I pulled back and she smiled. I moved closer and held her face as I kissed her again. Her hands went around my neck and pulled me closer. I ran my tongue across her bottom lip and she opened her mouth. The moment out tongues touched an bolt went through my whole body. I kissed her harder and deepened the kiss. Her hands were running through my hair as we were interrupted again. I pulled back to see Mac smiling. "Wow! Flack"s blushing." Danny said coming in next to him. Mac slapped him in the head. "Leave him alone, Dan. I said make sure she"s feeling okay, but this isn"t what I had in mind." He said looking at me. "So you"re okay, Natali?" "Yes, sir." "Don"t call him sir, miss." Danny tried to joke. We all stared at him. "I thought it was funny." He said to himself and rubbed his head. I shook my head and laughed. "Well, yes she"s fine. Her vitals are good and they ended up not giving her meds. So now we"re just waiting to get the release papers." I told them. Mac nodded and looked at Natali. "You still going to stay with Flack?" She looked at me and I answered for her. "Yeah. For a few more days at least." A few minutes later the doctor brought us the release papers ad we were on our way back to my apartment. We order take out and sat in the living room until it arrived. "Thanks for letting me stay again." She told me. I looked over at her and smiled. "No problem. You can go back to your"s when we release it back to you." I told her as I got up to get the door. I paid for our food and carried it back into the living room. We sat on the couch eating Chinese take-out and watching MadTV. "I was hoping our next date would be better than just take out." I joked. She laughed and threw her plate away. She came back and laid on the couch. Her feet in my lap. I looked at them and back at her. "What am I a footrest?" She smiled and shrugged. "No. What if I don"t want your nasty feet n my lap?" I asked. She tried to pull away but I grabbed her feet and looked at them. I smiled at her as she begged me to stop. "Don, please! Don"t tickle me." She pleaded. I looked at her and them back at her feet. My smiled got bigger as I laid her feet down, one on either side of my body. I crawled up between her legs and hovered over her. "Why you"re no fun tonight." I joked. She smiled and leaned up to capture my lips in a hot kiss. I leaned down closer and her arms wrapped around my neck. My hands went to the bottom of her shirt and snuck their way onto her silky skin. I felt her shiver beneath my fingers and moved them up farther. I broke the kiss and moved to her neck, kissing and nibbing it lightly. She moaned as my lips sucked on the spot just under her ear. I kissed my down to her collarbone and moved down to her stomach. I pushed the shirt up and kissed around her naval and up to her ribs. I pushed her shirt up the rest of the way until it was on the floor beside us. I ran my hands up her near naked side and made my way to her back to unclasp the bra. I kissed the top of her breast lightly before taking her nipple between my teeth. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair. I sucked and nibbled gently before pulling away and pulling my own shirt off. In an instant her hands were on my chest and my skin tingled at the sensation of her running her fingers down my chest and stomach. I moved back up to find her lips in yet another smoldering hot kiss. I felt her wrap her legs around my waist and I ran my hands down her legs. I held her hips steady as I lifted us off the couch. She squeaked and I laughed. "I"m not going to drop you, don"t worry." That seemed to satisfy her because she went back to kissing me. I carefully made my way to the bedroom and threw her on the bed. She shrieked again but before she could get a word out, my lips were on hers. She leaned back onto the pillows as I began to undo her jeans. I pulled them off and took the time to take in the woman before me. "You are too beautiful." I whispered as I ran my hands slowly up her legs. I turned them in as I got closer to her thighs. I looked up to see her biting her lip and shifting a bit. "You okay?" I asked. She smiled and nodded. I gave her a smile and leaned down to kiss the inside of her thigh. She gasped a little and shifted more. I smiled and gripped her hips. I moved my lips higher and kissed the soft fabric of her underwear. I kissed my way back up the middle of her stomach and chest to her lips. It was more heated than ever. I felt her fingers trail down to my pants. She unbuckled my belt and then unzipped my pants. Before I could reach down and pull them off she pushed me over and crawled on top of me. She leaned up and whispered in my ear. "Think you"re the only one that gets to do the teasing?" she asked me seductively. I grinned and bit the side of her neck, this time not so gently. She pulled my pants of and sat directly on top of me. I held in a moan as she leaned down to kiss my stomach just above my boxers. She ran her hands up my torso and slowly kissed her way up, nibbling her way up. I moved my hands to her hips and held her in place above me as I flipped us over. She pouted as I grabbed her wrist and pinned them above her head with one hand. I reached down and pulled her panties off. I ran my fingers ver her opening and she moaned out loud. I removed my boxers and positioned myself between her legs. I grabbed a condom from the drawer and rolled it on. I bent down to kiss her and slowly entered her. I felt her arch against me and she moaned into my mouth. I moved within her as my hands roamed her body. She ran her hands over my back, digging in lightly as I pumped faster. I buried my face in her neck and kissed her softly as I thrust faster. God, she was perfect. I never wanted it to end but it was coming quick. I felt her tighten around me and I thrust harder. She repeated my name over and over again and tightened her legs around my waist drawing me in deeper. She dug into my back and let out a scream as she came. I came only a few moments later muffling my own sounds of pleasure in her neck. I rolled off of her and tried to catch my breath. "Getting old detective?" she teased as she curled up next to me and made invisible circles on my chest. I laughed and kissed her head. She smiled up at me and leaned up to kiss me. It was soft and sweet. I could see the sparkle in her eyes as she pulled away. "You"re not that much younger than me. Five years. You"ll be here in five short years." I retorted still looking at her. "What did Mac mean earlier?" she asked setting her chin on my chest and looking up at me. I closed my eyes and sighed. "When he told me he told me so?" She nodded. I smiled and probably even blushed a little. "Tell me. You said it was nothing bad. So tell me." she insisted. "He told me that you reminded him of Clair. He said that we reminded him of them when they first started dating. He told me to be nice and maybe you"ll stay." I joked at the last part. She smiled. "Seriously, he told me to try to keep you around. Said you"re good for me." She leaned up and kissed me deeply. She pulled back a little. "What was that for?" "Keeping your promise." I smiled and pulled her in for another kiss. This one was long and passionate. I felt something different that time. I couldn"t tell what it was but it felt right to be with her there. We broke and looked in each other"s eyes. "Come on. It"s been a rough day. Let"s get some sleep." I told her. She nodded and laid back down next to me. I lifted my arm as she curled up to my side again. She laid her head on my chest and I wrapped my arms around her. Even after the events of that day it felt normal to be with her. I looked down at her to see she was already asleep. I watched her for a few minutes thinking about what Mac had said to me. She was beautiful and smart. Most of all she trusted me with her life. She had made that clear today. A few minutes later I was falling into the best sleep I had in months maybe even years. Ok, well I hope you liked it. If it"s short, I"m sorry. I"m kinda tired from my SAT today. R&R, please. And...don"t forget to check out the CSI:NY FanFiction Awards!! It"s worth your time, trust me! Sorry this chapter is so short but it"s all I wanted to put in it. The dream at the end will be explained in the next chapter. Well, I hope you enjoy it. Please, review and tell me what you think. Don"t forget to check out the CSI:NY FFA. It"s worth it, trust me. Loads of awesome stories and writer"s getting recognition for the talent they have. Thanks! The next two months flew by and my graduation was three days away. I was still at Don"s apartment. Don"t know why but I was. I went there to get clothes each week but that"s about it. My apartment manager had stopped me from paying rent because he know what I had gone through and he was convinced I"d be living with Don soon. Well, technically I was but that"s a discussion we hadn"t had yet. Today was big day. My whole family was coming down. Well, my parents, brothers and their families and my little sister. And well, they wanted to meet Don. Of course, when Don mentioned that my family was coming down they thought it"d be a good idea to have a cookout so they could all meet. To say the least, me and Don wished we were kidnaped right about now. "Please, tell me we can cancel." I groaned as the sun hit my eyes. He groaned and mumbled into his pillow. "What?" I asked. He lifted his head a little. "No." And he laid his head back down. I smiled and sat on his back, gaining a groan. I started to massage his shoulders and the groan turned into a sigh. I slowly felt the tension leave his muscles and I smiled to myself. He rolled over underneath me and brung me down to lay on his chest. "Morning." he said sleepily. I kissed his chest and looked up at him. "Good morning." He pulled me up to kiss him and I put my hands on his face to kiss him back. We were just about to deepen the kiss when my cell rang. I sighed and dropped my head on his chest. I leaned over to the dresser and picked up my phone. "Hello?" I answered yawning. "Hey, darling! It"s mom." my mother said. I rolled my eyes and rolled off of Don, him pouting the whole time. "I know, mother. What do you want?" I asked. "Well, someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed." she joked. I looked around and actually I had. I usually sleep on the right side, this morning I woke up on the left. "Yeah, I guess I did." I mumbled. "Well, are we still on for today? The cook out?" she asked. "Yes, mother. I told you that yesterday." I sighed. "Ok good. I can"t wait to meet Don and his family." she said excitedly. "Yeah, ok mom. Well, I have to go. I"ll see you later." I hung up and rolled over to look at Don. He was still pouting. I laughed and kissed him. "Come on. The shower gets lonely." I leaped out of bed ran after me to his bathroom. A few hours later we were dressed and heading to the park where we were having the cookout. We arrived to see a slew of cars parked outside. We stayed in the car and stared. Don leaned against the wheel and looked out to the gathering. "Okay, so maybe we can leave." he said moving his hands toward the keys in the ignition. I grabbed his hand and opened me door. "Please? We can say we got caught up with something." He pleaded as he got out the car. I was about to say something when two little kids came running up to Don. He smiled and picked the girl up. "Uncle Donnie!" the girl squealed as she kissed his cheek. I smiled. "Julie, James this is Natali. Nat, this is Julie and James, two of my many nieces and nephews." he introduced me. They all had the same eyes. Blue like Don"s. "Hello." I smiled leaning down to the boy. He smiled shyly. "Are you Uncle Donnie"s girlfriend?" he asked. I smiled at him and nodded. He squealed and ran off with Julie right behind him. I looked over at me and shrugged. We walked to the gathering and I saw my parents. The next hour was full of hello"s and how are you"s. Don had introduced me to his parents, his brothers and sisters and their families. They all had those blue eyes and Don was the spitting image of his father. And of course I had introduced him to my family. All the kids were playing on the playground with mine and Don"s mom watching them and talking. Our father"s had crowded around the grill and were talking about sports. Don was talking to his brothers and brother-in-laws and my brothers and brother-in-laws. While I was with the rest of the girls. It was like high school again. Everyone had their own groups. I didn"t want to admit it but I had fun. It had been almost two hours and I hadn"t talked to Don once. But we kept sneaking glances at each other, most likely to make sure the other was still alive. I was talking to Bridget when Don came over. "Sorry Brig, but I gotta steal her for a moment." He said sweetly grabbing my arm and pulling me to the cars. I could feel people looking at us and whispering. "What do you think they are talking about?" I asked. He stole a glance over his shoulder and smiled at them. "Probably about the seating chart at our wedding cause we sure as hell will have a big family if we ever get married." he teased. I laughed and nodded as we sat on the bench near his car. "Well, nice to see you again. Been a while, huh?" "Yes! I thought I was going to get eaten alive but I managed." I smiled at him and he sat behind me, one leg on each side of me. He moved my hair to kiss the back of my neck. I smiled and intertwined our fingers. I laid his head on my shoulder and looked at our families as they mingled. "I like you family. They"re nice. Reminds me of my own. Your mom"s too cute." He told me. I nodded. "Yeah, I love her. God, knows she bugs the hell outta me but I"d be lost without her. They get along very well, our families. You dad"s funnier than I though he"d be." "Yeah, don"t know where it comes from. It still surprises me." I leaned back into him as he kissed the side of my neck under my ear. "Think you"d ever consider marrying me?" he asked. I smiled. "If you keep doing that I will." I laughed as he kissed my neck more. He pulled back and tilted my head to look at him. I smiled and he leaned down to kiss me. It was long and soft, with just a little bit of lust in the back. Just as the kiss deepened we were interrupted. "Stop molesting your girlfriend in front of our families, Donnie." Bridget smiled and looked at us. "I"m not molesting her. I"ve never done anything she didn"t want me to and that should probably count as her molesting me." he teased. Bridget let out loud laugh and I hit him upside the head. "Donnie!" I yelled. A few other family members saw this and laughed. "Ah, she"s already got him in his place." His dad laughed and patted me on the back. About another hour later people were starting to disappear and we thought it was our time to go. We left and drove to his apartment. We got inside and instantly went to the bedroom. We flopped down on the bed and sighed. I opened my eyes to see Don staring at me. "What?" I asked scooting closer to him. "It wasn"t that bad, right?" he asked. "No, it wasn"t that bad. But I have a major headache now. Too many kids." I laughed. He smiled and pulled me to him. "Do you want kids?" he asked. I nodded. "Yep. I love kids. I want like three. At least three and at least a boy and a girl." I told him. "Me too. I"d like a boy and a girl but more than two. I want te best of both worlds, raising a girl and a boy. Let me do all the boy stuff with my son and be all protective over my girl." he confessed. "Aw the big bad detective has a soft side." I teased. He pinched me and laughed. "Yes, I do but don"t tell anyone. I mean, I want a family. A wife to come home to after a long day. Kids yelling and screaming all over the place. Call me crazy but I"d like that." he said. "You"re not crazy. I want that too." I said softly. "Preferably that wife being you." he whispered in my ear. I smiled and turned over to face him. I leaned up to kiss him. "I"d like that too." He smiled and kissed me back. We fell asleep not too long afer that. At first it was peaceful but suddenly I woke up and screamed. Don jumped up and held onto me.