call her la vida loca. She jumped up, pulling me with her and ran to the door. "Yeah, yeah. Come on!" she yelled and bolted out the door. I watched her jump into her car and I smirked. "Bobby is going to have a field day." BREAK The whole way Angel shot me glares and I started to find it amusing. He was my brother but he was pulling it for Emilie. I found it kind of ironic. We pulled up to the lawyer"s house and I nodded my head. "Nice place." I whispered as we walked around to the back. "We might have to spend the night up in this bitch." Bobby joked cracking the back window and reaching in for the door knob. "An attack dog." he said and looked a the tiny white ball of fur on floor. "Come here, poochie. You don"t wanna bite me, do you? You gonna bite me, baby?" Bobby cooed to the dog. I shook my head as we all spilt up to look over the house. I was a laptop on a desk and walked over to it. He was a lawyer so this must be important to him. "Hey, Bobby, check this out. I found Bradford"s calendar." I said pulling up his calendar. "You don"t think '"EM"' stands for Evelyn Mercer, do you?" I asked them as they crowded around me. "You"re getting good at this, Jackie." Bobby mumbled, still holding the dog. "November 21st. He met up with her the night she died. Why would anybody meet up with their lawyer at 8 at night?" Angel asked. All of a sudden a loud and shrill voice filled the quiet night and I snapped the laptop shut. "Angel!" Sofi yelled from outside, honking the horn. "Nice. Your girlfriend"s here." Bobby said waving his hand around. I gave Angel a dirty look and Jerry dropped his head. This was great. "She"s crazy, man." Angel mumbled looking out the window at his girlfriend honking the horn. "Well, go shut her up then." I yelled at him. "Angel! Angel, come out! I see you in the window! Come out, you idiot! I know you"re in there!" she yelled. "Y"all come out here with me. This girl is crazy." Angel told us and we followed him outside. "Angel! People, there"s robbers in the house! Come out, Angel! I"m gonna call the police now!" she kept yelling to the neighborhood and honking her horn. We walked outside and Angel ran over to her. I didn"t know until then that Emilie was there. She was us walk out and she got out the car. At first, I thought she was on Sofi"s side but the big shit eating grin spread across her face and I knew. "Come on!" Angel yelled at her. We were all pooled around Sofi to get her back in her car that we didn"t notice the lawyer driving up. "You better call immigration on this girl." Emilie told us. "You"ve got a real class act here." Bobby told Angel. Oh, he was in for it. "She should be at Guantanamo Bay." Jerry sighed. "Locked up." I added in. "Oh, my god." Emilie gasped. I saw her face pale and looked behind me. It was Mr. Bradford. "Excuse me. What are you doing?" he asked looking out his car window. Bobby walked over to him and Jerry followed, trying to keep him in check. "How you doing, buddy?" Bobby hissed and reached into the car. "Bobby! Bobby! He"s a lawyer!" Jerry yelled. "What"s going on here?" the lawyer asked. "He"s a liar, Jerry!" Bobby yelled and threw the old man on the ground. Angel was finally finishing up with Sofi. "Ain"t nobody"s business! Stay away!" He yelled at her. "You heard me, old man. You fucking lied to me." Bobby yelled pulling the lawyers sweater over his face, showing his stomach. "You said you didn"t even know my mother. You were the last person to see her alive." he yelled and smacked his stomach. "Look at that, Jerry. It leaves a nice big red handprint, huh?" Bobby smiled at his handy work, literally. "Just ask him the question. Come on." Jerry said pointing to him. "No, I"m gonna do it again-" he paused to slap him again. "and again until I find out what I wanna know." he yelled. Angel walked over and reached over Bobby"s shoulder to smack him once. "Oh, God!" he cried. Emilie gripped my hand and looked at me nervously. I rubbed her hand with my thumb and pulled her to me. I really wish she didn"t have to see us like this. "Tell him!" Angel yelled. "Okay." he whimpered and pulled his sweater off his face. "Okay, I"ll explain. It"s just that I-I-I felt so guilty." he stuttered. "Guilty for what?" Jerry asked. "I-I-I"m not even sure I know how to say it." Bradford said looking around at all of us. "Say what?" Bobby demanded. "Your mother and I were-Were seeing each other socially." he finally spit out. "Socially?" Bobby asked confused. "I didn"t want to sully your mother"s reputation." he trailed off as Bobby helped him up. It was one big misunderstanding. "She was a fine, fine woman." he complimented. "I know. I know." Bobby sighed. "I have some of your mother"s night things, if you want." he started as Bobby helped wipe his coat off. "What?!" Bobby asked and stopped. "They-" Bradford started again. "No. No, it"s not necessary." Bobby said hurriedly. He, like the rest of us, did not want to hear about our mother"s night things. "Too much information. Ah!" Jerry said disgusted as we all started back to the cars. "I apologize, Mr. Bradford. We broke your back window. We"re just trying to figure out what happened my mother." Bobby told him. "I understand." Bradford nodded. "Thank you. I appreciate that. You have a beautiful home here." Bobby told him and walked off. "Thank you." he mumbled. Sofi and Angel went in her car back to the house while Emilie rode with me, Bobby and Jerry. "She"s crazy!" Bobby exclaimed, driving down the road "No shit Sherlock, where"d you get your first clue?" Emilie quipped. Bobby gave her a tiny glare in the mirror. "Now why did you let her come here?" Jerry asked. I watched her smirk and looked at Bobby. "I just wanted to piss Bobby off." she told us. Bobby laughed and shook his head. "Mission accomplished, Diddle." he told her. BREAK We got back to the house and every piled into their rooms. Jack looked over at me and smiled. "You going home?" he asked me. I shook my head and walked over to sit next to him. "Nah, I"m too tired to drive. I think I"ll stay here. That okay?" I asked, smiling up at him. He grinned and leaned down to kiss me. "I wouldn"t have it any other way." he whispered. I met his lips in a hot kiss and trailed my fingers down his chest to the hem of his shirt. He pulled away so I could pull it off and quickly moved back to me. He held my hips firmly and slowly moved his hands up, along with my shirt. I sighed against his lips as I felt my skin being uncovered by my shirt but being replaced with his skin. He stopped when it was under my bra and trailed his hand back down my stomach. My whole body ached to feel him as his hand found its way down the front of my panties. His lips were attached to my neck as he slipped two fingers inside me. I moaned and he moved his lips over mine. He moved his fingers faster and harder and I moaned into his mouth. My fingers curled around his hair and pulled it slightly. I smirked when he let out a moan. "So Jackie likes pain.' I pulled it tighter and his fingers moved quicker. I felt his thumb come over me and start to rub slow circles, urging me even further. He kissed me with such passion and hunger I almost didn"t feel the tingling in my stomach until the last minute. My toes curled, my breath caught and Jack held me tight, lisp pressed against mine, as my orgasm spilled over. When my body stopped trembling he removed his lips from mine and looked down at me. I smirked and pushed him over on his back. I kissed him as my hands went to work on his pants. I pulled them off and then let mine slid down my legs. I was wanting to take control but that was looking like it wasn"t going to happen. Jack pulled my legs from under me and I fell, on my back, onto the bed. He crawled between my legs and smirked at me. I lifted his chin up and kissed him. I closed my eyes when I felt him rub against my opening. He attacked my neck and roughly thrust into me. Our first time was, of course, a loving tender one. But this time was the opposite. I had never seen Jack this way, not that it was bad. But he had always been gentle with me. I knew he was more experienced than me but I never knew it to this extent. But, don"t get me wrong, I"m so not complaining. His mouth covered mine again when I couldn"t silence my moans. The last thing we wanted was for Angel to Bobby to hear us. They"d kill Jack and well, I"d just be embarrassed. I ran my nails down his back and felt him press himself to me more. I snaked a leg further over his waist and pulled him in deeper. It wasn"t too much longer when I felt my second orgasm close in on me. This one strong and longer than the first. And Jack was right behind me with his. He pulled out of me and slid onto the bed next to me. I rolled over onto my side and laid my head on his chest. My hair sticking to his moist chest. We laid there in silence until we caught our breath. "Emilie?" he whispered. I looked up at him and he ran a finger over my nose. "I love you." My heart stopped. Did he just say what I think he did? I looked at him again and looked into his eyes. There was no joke, no hurt in them. There was love and care. And the longer I stayed quiet the amount of embarrassment grew. I leaned up and kissed his lips softly. "I love you too, Jackie." I whispered. Thanks for the reviews! I got ahead on this story, I have the next two chapters done...lol. But it was worth it. Now it"s just the question of "To kill or not to kill Jack.' ;) Thanks!! I woke up the next morning, after Jack had gone to get in the shower, and smiled at the ceiling. Last night was utterly amazing. He sang to me, he told me he loved me and he gave me a night I"d never forget. Everything felt like it was falling into place again. It"s just the only thing shadowing that was the whole drama over Evelyn"s death. I knew why they wanted to find her killer. Especially, since they found out it was planned. I totally understood that. What I didn"t like, though, was them going out every night chasing down bad guys with guns and knives. They could get killed and I often wondered if they knew that or not. And if they did, why they didn"t think of how everyone else would react if the died. Leave it to bunch of men to not think things through and go out to get themselves killed. I crawled out of bed and grabbed a pair of Jack"s pajama bottoms. I rolled the top hem down a few times to get them to stay on and opened the door. I smiled when Angel opened his door and gave me a tiny glare. "Morning, Angel." I grinned and he shook his head. He walked in front of me to the bathroom and held his hand up at me. "Stay there. Bobby"s on the toilet." he warned me. I furrowed my brow at that. Wasn"t Jack in the shower? Angel stood in the doorway and I leaned on the wall outside of the bathroom. "Hey, Bobby." Angel called to him. "Yo." was the low reply from Bobby. This was gross; they used the bathroom, talked and took showers with the door open. "Hey, man. I gotta ask you a question." Angle said and cast a worried look my way. I rolled my eyes and pinched his arm. "What"s up?" Bobby asked. Angel looked over at me and took one more step into the bathroom. "You know me and Sofi did a lot of making up last night." he started. I rolled my eyes and leaned my head back onto the wall. I wish they"d hurry. I need to brush my teeth. "You gave her that ring, huh?" Bobby asked and Angel chuckled. "Gross!" I yelled. "Yeah. But it seem like I got a little rust on the tools down here." Angel mumbled slowly. Even though he was in the bathroom I could see him undo his robe. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." Bobby exclaimed as I laughed to myself. Guess their not that close. "Ask the cockologist in the shower, man." "Watch it, Bobby!" I warned. "Thanks, Em. How the hell would I know, Bobby?" Jack asked from the shower. "You"re the expert." Bobby told him. "Bobby!" I yelled again. I heard all three snickers and then the shower curtain move. "Rug burn." Jack said after a moment of silence. "You"re gonna live." Bobby declared. "Thank God, man. I thought my luck ran out." Angel sighed and tied his robe back. He looked over at me and nodded. "Hey, listen, man. You know, Jerry ain"t been straight up with us about that redevelopment project. Found out his dream"s dead. Jerry got involved with some bad people. City got on him about fraud and whatnot. Cut his loans off like a month ago." he explained. I didn"t hear anything for a second and turned my head to the door to speak. "Technically, Jerry"s really broke." I clarified for Bobby. I heard the paper crumple and Bobby"s chuckle. "Thank you, Diddle." he laughed. "You think this had something to do with what happened to Mom?" he asked Angel. "No, I"m saying that it"s something that we should look into. I need y"all to go down and visit this city official named Douglas. He"ll know who Jerry got mixed up with. I"m gonna go check on some other shit." Angel told him. "What are you talking about? Why don"t you just tell me what you know, Angel?" Bobby asked, sounding annoyed. "I know you need to stay your ass on that porcelain. This is gonna require a little finesse. And given your prior reputation as a hothead-" Angel told him and Bobby yelled in the middle/ "I wrote the fucking book on finesse." he yelled. "-you gonna be the first to fuck up." Angel finished. I heard the shower stop and smiled. Angel glared at me as he walked by and I gave him a sweet smile. "I"m gonna kill him." he muttered as he walked into his room. "Wait for me to wipe my ass, Angel." Bobby yelled. "I"m coming with you. Angel! Get me some fucking toilet paper, Jack." he yelled. I laughed and smirked when Jack left the bathroom in a red towel. He grinned at me and grabbed my hips. "Morning." he whispered as he pushed me backwards to his room. He reached behind me to open the door and pushed it open. He kicked it closed with his foot and pushed me onto the bed. I grabbed the towel as I fell and he smirked. "Good morning." I smiled. I grabbed his wrist and pulled him down on top of me, our lips meeting immediately. I felt his hands move to my bottoms and that"s when he pulled back. "Hey, those are mine." he stated. I rolled my eyes and nodded. "Yes, they are. Would you like them back?" I asked sweetly. He was about to open his mouth when a knock came at the door. "No need for you two to make up! Diddle, stay dressed. Fairy, get dressed. Now!" Bobby yelled. I dropped back onto his bed and pulled a pillow over my face. I let out a scream and heard Jack laughing. I looked from underneath the pillow and frowned when he was dressed. "We need to stay at my place from now on." I told him seriously. He chuckled and sat on the bed to put his shoes one. "We can arrange that." he smiled. "You want to come with us? You won"t be in harm"s way, I swear." he asked. I pouted and shook my head. "I can"t. I have a final today. I put it off as long as I could but winter break is coming up and if I want to get classes for next semester, I gotta take it today. Plus, I gotta do a few errands." I told him and he nodded. I moved to sit on his straddle his legs and snaked my arms around his neck. "But you can come by my place when you get done." I smiled. "Really?" he asked. "Yes, but bring some clothes. I just might keep you." I winked and leaned down to kiss his lips. "I can live with that." he whispered as he pulled back. I slid off his legs and pulled him up. He gave me a quick hug and pulled back. "I"ll see you tonight." he smiled as he walked out. We drove to the parking garage outside of city hall and waited. We broke the back window of his car and poured gas all over it. Bobby had a thing for gas and fires. We waited off to the side so he wouldn"t see us at first. "So you and Emilie, huh?" he asked. I smirked and nodded. "Yeah, me and Emilie." I confirmed. I looked over at him as he smirked. "Angel"s gonna kill you." he told me. "Thanks, Bobby." I laughed. I heard a door open and we looked around the corner. "There he is." Bobby mumbled. We walked from our spot and rushed to get to him before he got to his car. "Councilman Douglas." Bobby greeted as we stepped in front of him. "Sorry to startle you. My name"s Bobby Mercer. I believe you know my brother, Jeremiah? Apparently, you were the one who got his business shut down, right?" he asked, not wasting time. "This is not the proper venue for an appeal." Douglas told us and started to walk away. "Look, we"re not really concerned with that, councilman." Bobby said, as we closed the gap between us so he wouldn"t go. "I heard my brother got mixed up with some hoodlums. You know what I"m talking about?" he asked. "I can"t help you. Excuse me." he said and walked away. We smirked watching him walk to his car, not even noticing the broken window or smelling the gas at first. We didn"t move until he froze and smelled his seats. "Councilman!" Bobby yelled pouring gas on the hood of his car. "Now I gotta light your ass on fire! All I wanted was a name! You"re gonna make me turn your ass into the black gingerbread man now!" he yelled. I leaned down to look in his window and lit a cigarette. "It"s all right. I"ll have my little brother here suck your burning dick." he yelled after throwing the gas can down. "Give me the fucking cigarette." he said and snatched it from my fingers. "Roll down the window." he demanded and held the cigarette out to the car. He reluctantly rolled his window down. "Victor. Victor Sweet." he told us. "What about him?" Bobby asked. We waited patiently as he started to spill on his boss. By the time I had brushed my teeth, using Jack"s tooth brush, and gathered my clothes, angel was already gone. I made sure to leave quick incase Sofi woke up and wanted to harass me. It felt weird going back to school even though it was for one class. They had given me a few days off for personal reasons and then it was already Thanksgiving holidays so it wasn"t too big of a deal. But I missed one final test and I needed to take it before the rest of our winter break or I"d have to take it over again. "Hello, Miss. Ravin. How are you doing?" Mr. Roberts asked as I walked in the near empty classroom. "I"m fine. Thanks." I smiled and took a seat up front. I looked around and saw a few people from my class but none that I talked to. I looked at the clock and sighed. 12:32. I needed to get this done. "Okay you are here to take or re-take the Advanced Adult Psychology Final. Some of you failed and some of you missed it for other reasons." he told us and picked up the stack of papers. "You have an hour to finish." he said and started passing them out. "When you finish bring it up to me and you may leave. They will be graded sometime next week. I will either e-mail you your results or mail them out." he said and gave me the last stack. "Now eyes on your own paper and-" he looked at the clock. "Begin. Time"s up at 1:45" I sighed and opened the first page. I was afraid I wouldn"t remember anything because I hadn"t been studying and honestly, almost forgot about school. The only thing that had been on my mind was Jack and all the things surrounding Evelyn. But my I guess I was just underestimating myself. The answers came to me easily and when I set my pen down I still had 35 minutes left. I smiled and handed my paper to Mr. Roberts. "Thank you. You"ll get them as soon as I grade them." he smiled. "I"m sorry about Evelyn. Is there anything I can do?" he asked. "Pass me? It would make her happy." I joked to show him I was doing okay. He understood and laughed. "I"m glad you"re okay. I"ll see you around campus, Emilie." he smiled and I walked out. I pulled my keys out and got into my car. I sat down and let my mind drift to the tiny piece of paper in the cup holder. I hadn"t forgotten about it but whatever it was, it was big. And right now I didn"t need anymore surprises. But my curiosity was getting the best of me as I pulled into the police station. "Yes, can I help you?" the lady at the desk smiled. I walked over to her and looked around. "I was wondering if Detective Green was here." I asked. She smiled and pointed behind me. I turned to see him walking over to me. "Emilie, how are you?" he smiled. I smiled back and nodded. "Pretty good. Caught up on some school today." I told him trying to act casual. "Those Mercer boys staying outta trouble?" he asked, grinning. "Only in my dreams, Green." I laughed. "What is it, Emilie?" he asked getting serious. "I need a favor." I started and before I could say more he lead me over to a corner cubicle and sat me down. "Right after Evelyn died we went to her lawyer"s office. He had a few papers for the boys and she had one paper for me." I told him. "Mr. Bradford said it was a big surprise that Evelyn was waiting to give me. But it"s just an address." I said and handed him the address. He looked at it and nodded. "Want me to look it up for an owner? See if that helps?" he asked. I let out a breath and smiled. "Yes, please." I nodded and he logged onto the computer. He typed it in and got its information. "It"s owned by a Clarence Morgan. No word on if it"s rented or what. Said it"s been his for six years now. You know that name?" he asked me. "No. I don"t recall it." I sighed. "Do you even know anyone is Salem?" he asked. "I used to live there before Evelyn got me. I lived all over Massachusetts." I smiled.