"Naesala.' There was no denying the disappointment etched into her brother"s face-straight-mouthed and wary-eyed. "I don"t understand,' Leanne dared to speak out of the bounds set up by Reyson"s questions, "Why do you look worried, brother? Naesala has always been kind to us. I was the one who wanted to get out of this castle; he only accompanied me, and saw me back here safely.' Reyson stood up from his seat and turned away from Leanne, resting his hands on the table"s surface, "I know that... just as well as you know that he has done a few questionable things in recent times.' Working against the laguz, stealing, handing Reyson over to Oliver... Leanne had heard the tales, but she had seen more than that: he had saved her when she was captured and he had fought on the righteous side in the final battle, and those events were far more recent than the negative ones that everyone seemed to use as warnings time and again. "I"m not going to stop you. The best I could do without letting Tibarn in on this would be to either watch you myself or have Nealuchi guard you at all times, and you would undoubtedly do all in your power to escape me, and Nealuchi would cave under yours and Naesala"s pleads within seconds.' Her face beaming, Leanne clasped her hands and brought them to her chin, giddy with thoughts of the freedom that she could get to bask in, even if fleeting. The older of the siblings walked to the opposite side of the table, and his sister stood up to greet him. He tossed his arms around her and she did her best to return the gesture, her hug limited to use of her forearms because of Reyson"s hold. "Just don"t be... irrational,' he warned with carefully thought-out words, earning a disgruntled sigh from Leanne, "Seriously, Leanne.' As best as she could manage, Leanne tightened her hug as reassurance, "Don"t worry, brother. I"ll be careful.' Squirming out of Reyson"s grasp, she looked to him with a smile and added, "And Naesala will be there to protect me!' With that said, she gave him another hurried hug and headed to the dining room"s exit before the conversation could be dragged out any longer. Once she was out of sight, Reyson took in as much breath as he could and sighed it out slowly, until all of the air was out of his lungs. "She didn"t understand my point at all..." he mused aloud with exasperation. His eyed turned to the table, left littered with the dishes that Nealuchi had not brought along with him as he left, and he let out a groan filled with as much vexation as his last spoken words. The topic seemed to dissipate after that conversation, only being reared on occasion when Leanne caught her brother giving her that same, solemn look; however, he usually caught himself and turned away quickly with a sigh. Each day Leanne chose to spend many of the daylight hours in her room, looking out of her window while overlooking Reyson"s apparent concern. It was a day less than a week since Naesala"s first visit when the raven"s flapping wings sounded outside of Leanne"s window again. The heron princess was seated on her bed, propped against the backboard with a book written in modern script in her hands. She squinted at the words in front of her and twisted her lips from side to side with vain hope that they would spontaneously be neatly translated into the language that she understood. If she heard them she could understand them, but looking at them was another story altogether... After deciding that she grasped enough of the words in front of her, Leanne moved to flip to the following two pages; as her fingers rested on the paper"s corner, however, the sound of a light tapping at her window met her ears before the sound of a page being turned. Her head snapped to the window and her eyes widened with renewed attentiveness when she saw Naesala hovering outside, his knuckles pressed against the glass having rested there after knocking. Finally having the heron"s attention, the hand against the window motioned through a series of actions: a wave hello, a thumb pointing behind him, outside, and a finger pressed to his lips to encourage silence. With that, he sank down and out of the view seen from Leanne"s window. Not sparing a second, she closed the book and left her bookmark atop her bed where it would not get to serve its purpose. She hurriedly shifted off of the bed and examined the room; with a deep inhale, she hoped that if anyone happened to drop by her room, it was Reyson. There was no way that Tibarn would let her excuse pass without questioning again, but there was also no way to conceal her absence while she was with Naesala. In spite of the risks, Leanne left the room behind her as she unlocked her literal window to the outside world. Spotting Naesala waiting below by the side of the castle, she soared down and lowered her feet to the ground next to him. She looked up at him hopefully, and was slightly taken aback to find his eyes looking down as gravely as her brother"s had been doing all week. As she opened her mouth to question it, Naesala spoke up in a tone that she was not expecting: provoking, teasing, he spoke exactly as he did when he wore a smirk and playful eyes, "You took so long getting down here. Do you not want to go exploring today?" "I-I do!" Leanne said frantically, "Take me, ah, away! To... explore." Heaving a melodramatic sigh, Naesala caved into her pleading as though it were a chore, "Fine then. But today we go to an area that a raven like me is more adjusted to." Without any hesitation, Leanne gave an eager nod, and then as an afterthought asked the question that she should have considered beforehand, "...Where?" Instead of voicing an answer, he expanded his wings and lifted himself higher and higher in the air until Leanne had no choice but to follow. It was somewhat of a relief that their flight was much more leisurely than the last one that they had taken together, although Leanne could think of many worse things than having to be carried by Naesala again... like Tibarn"s fury if he ever found out she had snuck out, or the stench of Nealuchi"s breath after he ate one of his questionable meals, or Janaff provoking Ulki into an entertaining squabble, or a brotherly embrace from Reyson... The examples strolling through her mind were growing less and less negative, and yet somehow they all seemed appropriately worse than having Naesala lift her up and go for a flight. Naesala gave a sidelong glance to his company and could hardly begin to imagine what had her so diverted from her surroundings. Surely she should have noticed and commented on the highest peak of Phoenicis growing larger and larger in front of them as Naesala directed their flight in that direction. When the mountain was close enough to land on, Naesala finally piped up with a gaze directed completely at Leanne, "Hey, fancy that! Look at where we are!" The heron"s wings halted for an instant, and then she shook her head and glanced downwards while Naesala added to his previous statement, "It"s the best part of Phoenicis, in my modest opinion." As he comfortably landed on the rocky surface, colourless everywhere and jagged in many places, Leanne resisted following suit. "It is, um..." she hesitated; for the first time, her hesitation was not the result of being unable to think of a specific word, but of struggling to find anything to say in any language at all, "...grey." "Tsk," Naesala clicked his tongue in protest, reaching out to Leanne and tugging on her sleeve until she complied and rested her feet on the surface next to him, "You make that sound like the most terrible thing in the world!" The twitch at the corner of Leanne"s mouth that shifted her expression from straight-lipped to frown persisted until Naesala said something to redeem himself. As far as her consideration went, he had made a miscalculated decision in bringing her to the dreary cliffs for her outing; he knew that she enjoyed the rich, vivid colours of the forests... jade leaves, olive grass, azure skies, pastels of flowers-not the greyscale scenery of her current location. "Come," Naesala urged, furthering his insistence by slipping his hand into hers and walking to the mountain"s edge, "look over here." Obeying with a scowl, Leanne shifted her attention to the view that Naesala was so persistent about showing her; within an instant, she understood why that was. The entire island of Phoenicis stretched out below her, mixed with colours beyond those that she adored in the woods. The greens, blues, and pales rainbows were all there, as were sunshine-tinted clouds, bright red and purple bushes overtaken by berries, villages of a myriad of colours... While Leanne continued to ogle the scenery, her raven company roamed over to a relatively round rock that jutted out from the ground to about the height of his knees. He claimed it as his perch, sitting atop it and staring at Leanne while she failed to notice his movement, or simply did not care. "Why don"t you come and sit here?" he said, prying her attention away from nature. She turned around to find Naesala sitting on his boulder, patting the space left next to him to further emphasize his suggestion. Having no reason not to comply since she the view could still be enjoyed from where Naesala waited, Leanne wandered over and dithered before sitting down. She stared condescendingly at the rock, and then to the lower half of her dress, "Ah," she motioned to the stone layered with loose dust and then to her impeccably white dress, "It will be getting dirty." "Hmm, that is a problem," Naesala brought a finger to his chin in contemplation, and then smoothly slid his arms about her waist and drew her closer to guide her to his lap, "Sit on me, then." Leanne initially gripped onto his shoulders as an instinctive resistance, but after a moment"s thought she decided that she had no reason not to go along with his offer, so she accepted his lap as a seat, his hands still at her waist and hers locked securely at the back of his neck. As her body settled into the position-her limbs loosening, heartbeat easing-she lowered her head onto his shoulder to observe the setting once again, albeit at a more peculiar angle. "Am I comfortable?" the raven king asked audaciously. Without paying any mind to the implications behind his question, Leanne responded, blushing nonetheless, "V... Very comfy." A smirk overtook Naesala"s face, enjoying the timidity of her answer without even having to see the blush accompanying it. When she had incited a reaction from him the last time that they were together, he had gotten flustered and slipped away; with the situation reversed, he did not feel that need to hold back. As Leanne lifted her head and gave him an adamant stare caught between a glare and a look of confusion, his certainty faltered because her thoughts must have been flashbacking in the same manner that his were. He turned his gaze away as she continued her meddling with words: "Last time, why did you..." she paused, and unable to find the word, placed her palm on Naesala"s chest and pressed against it, "...push? Push," she concluded with a nod, "Why did you push me away?" Naesala kept his eyes away from Leanne as he answered, "We were in Tibarn"s castle. Would it really have been intelligent of me to have not pushed you away?" Leanne"s eyes answered for her, prying and prying while Naesala continued to do his best to avoid looking at her as though expecting her stare to be one that would be difficult to ignore. Leanne"s patience yielded before his evasion did, so she glided off of his lap, his hold on her casually breaking and leaving his hands lingering in the air. "Leanne." "Then, we go," she walked closer to the cliff"s ledge, "to Tibarn"s castle. Nothing different there, here." Her wings outstretched and pulsed slightly as she hinted that she would take flight. Giving into her wordless threat, Naesala stood up and rushed up behind her, nonchalantly placing his hands at the tops of her wings and folding them back into a settled position. Leanne twirled around, her nose brushing against Naesala"s and causing her to take a step back with a gasp that diminished the cold attitude that she had seemingly put up. As her heel fell over the summit"s edge, Naesala reached over the small distance between them and drew her back onto solid ground. "I don"t doubt your ability to fly back up here if you fell off," he began, pulling her even further from the drop, or closer to himself, "but how could I begin to redeem myself if I passed up on an opportunity to rescue a princess?" She moved to turn her head away and conceal the smile relentlessly pulling at her lips, but Naesala swooped in and took it upon himself to smother the smile with a kiss. It felt to Leanne as though her insides were switching places, the juddering sensations in her stomach strong enough to spread through her whole upper body. Just as everything else settled down and her lips could finally absorb the feeling of his, hardly ideal in texture but flawless in nature, he pulled away. "Back to the castle, then?" Naesala did as Leanne had originally been threatening, spreading his wings and beating them without actually lifting himself from solid ground. He saw that any objections that she had had to his reluctance had dissolved; she seemed dumbfounded without anything to pester him about. "Come on, Leanne," his voice crooned. The heron blinked, prolonging the time with her eyes closed before opening them again and nodding, "Y-Yes. Yes." Their goodbyes were said at the back of the castle where no guards were patrolling. Leanne attempted to have him guide her to her room as he did the last time, but Naesala refused with the argument that the more times she disappears without a word, the more likely that there will be hawks waiting for her return. She perceived it as nothing but an excuse, although it still held logic that she could not deny; still, she hesitated before flying up to her window, and he showed no immediate desire to leave. When no actions or words came forth in spite of their unwillingness to part, Naesala spoke his farewell. "Let"s do this again, shall we? In six days, we"ll say." The same amount of time that had passed since his last visit. Although she agreed with a nod, she wondered why he made it such a length of time: maybe he wanted to avoid suspicions with an obvious routine, or perhaps it had something to do with his responsibilities in Kilvas. In any case, Leanne had no complaints because six days instead of a week meant one less day that she would go without Naesala"s company, and although he would never admit it, that was his reason as well. Awww, ha ha. I personally enjoyed writing the beginning of this chapter because sibling relationships are a blast to write, even though I don"t do them often. As always, I"m looking forward to hearing what you thought of this chapter! I am so sorry for taking such a long time to update, everyone! Here"s where I insert the generic excuses like school and sickness more school and an anime convention (alright, not so generic). I won"t make you wait anymore, though. Read away! The hawks were sparring. Leanne set her elbows onto the short wall that lined the castle"s roof and squished her chest against it to get a closer look at the action below. It was almost disappointing that the one day that something interesting was happening was six days after Naesala"s previous visit... almost being the only significant word in her mind because the alternative of spending time with Naesala seemed boundlessly superior. Still, watching the hawks was an entertaining way to pass the time while she waited for Naesala"s arrival. Ulki and Janaff were both in their transformed states, testing out the strength of younger hawks that did not have the experience of true battles as they did. Tibarn was taking part in the training, as well, although he was practicing untransformed combat. Even from her post much higher up, Leanne could make out the contours of the hawk king"s exposed abs in fair detail. She leaned in slightly closer, a subconscious grin on her lips as she felt liquid giddiness swirl in her stomach; the feeling as she watched Tibarn brawl with his upper half unclothed felt so similar to the feeling when Naesala had kissed her. Bringing that experience to mind, Leanne"s thoughts began to drift to how she would greet Naesala when he arrived. She knew that she wanted another one of those kisses-maybe a few more, even-but she was not sure that she could simply move in and initiate one herself. She considered coaxing him into giving her the first one, and then perhaps she could approach him for more as she saw fit. What if he did not understand what she wanted, though? Throughout her entire life she had heard girls complaining about how boys never processed hints. Still contemplating a resolution to her dilemma, Leanne felt arms wrap around her from behind and a face nuzzle into the base of her wings. Calm despite what should have been startling, Leanne turned her head as far left as she could and moved her gaze the same direction. She caught a glimpse of black feathers that confirmed that she was being embraced by whom she assumed, so she returned her eyes to the scene below, looking past it instead of at it, wrapped up in Naesala"s arms and nothing else. The hug tightened briefly and then loosened considerably, allowing Leanne to turn around and face him at last. Before their eyes could even catch each other, Naesala nonchalantly made their lips connect. ...That certainly solved Leanne"s problem. Pulling away, the raven king murmured lowly, "Hello." Leanne breathed out a sigh appeased by his action and the questions that had been lifted along with it. "Hi Naesala." He propped his chin on the top of her head to better see the happenings below. "I guess we"d best get out of here," he remarked, and Leanne could feel his throat vibrate, which made her giggle. "I"m already sick of so much of our time being spent travelling... It can"t be helped, though, can it?" Identifying the question as one that was not meant to be answered, Leanne remained silent until Naesala pulled back again and posed another question, this one not rhetorical: "I"d say it"s worth it, though, wouldn"t you?" Squinting her eyes with a smile, Leanne gave a resolute nod. "Yes!" "Then let"s go," he said, already beginning to walk to the opposite side of the roof where the hawks" eyes could not see him. Leanne turned to follow, but before actually moving forward she glanced back at the hawks, satisfaction on her face as she noted them all-especially the attentive Ulki and Janaff-just as engaged as ever, oblivious to her escape. Eagerness in her movements, she had a subtle skip in her step as she followed Naesala. Once they were in the sky, Naesala instantly took it upon himself to lead the way to the location that he had decided on. Leanne opened her mouth to protest his guidance, remembering the disappointment that she had felt last time; however, when she recalled how happy she had been when they left, she switched her conversation to life at Phoenicis. She chattered on in the ancient tongue for most of the flight. Much of her babbling was amusing to Naesala, most of it being gossip that she had heard around the hawk palace and was then repeating without any reservations. Part of him was interested in memorizing the rumours for any potential uses they could have in the future, but above all, he was charmed by how she rambled everyone"s secrets off without a care or regret. He was certain that the subjects of her gossip would hardly be as delighted at her free spirit, but that only made it more captivating to him. The blatant contrast between her innocent heron appearance and some of the raven-like suggestions coming from her mouth were deliciously unbalanced. "Where we go?" she suddenly asked, changing to the modern language as though ensuring that she would receive his full attention. Naesala looked to her and was met with curious, wide eyes. He turned away, head facing ahead, and mumbled a thoughtful "hmm" and nothing more. An indignant puff came from the heron next to him, which only provoked him to smirk and stay quiet even longer to agitate her. The silence hardly lasted long, though, as with their next upward glide over a mountain peak, Naesala"s plotted destination was revealed. "We"re going there," he said without looking back, instead flicking his chin forward to bring attention to the shoreline. When she saw the bleak ocean scene, a wave of disappointed washed over her as though the waves crashing against the shore were carrying her dismay. "It is grey," she repeated the same observation that she had said when he had brought her to the cliffs, only without concealing the unhappiness that went along with it. He laughed off her dissatisfaction and swooped down to the rocky shore. He landed where the moving water could sweep over his boots, and then turned to face Leanne who was still hovering above. "Come on, it has its..." He paused to consider an appropriate word. "...allure!"