Inhaling the fresh, sweet air of her grove lightly, Soraka turned back his way and looked upward to the green leaves of a nearby tree, her grin still there on her face, but overall expression transparent to her true emotions. "I would rather not say." Like a fool pouring gasoline upon a budding flame with the hopes of extinguishing it, her excuse only fueled the chimera"s curiosity tenfold. "Is there something wrong with those days?" "It is merely a private matter of mine." She waved her hand nonchalantly. Her head swiveled slowly back to him, her expression composed and cheerful. "A very sensitive subject. One that I have rarely shared with anyone, and would prefer to... keep to myself." Even though he wished to probe further and perhaps uncover whatever this odd secret might have been, Warwick decided to stay in his current boundaries. His tail swishing behind himself twice in minor vexation, he grunted in understanding, lowering his head and closing his eyes. "Then very well; I will not come to you on those nights, Soraka." "Thank you." Sincerity in her tone, Soraka sighed and approached her friend, the smile on her face now again as radiant as the setting sun. His eyes opening and peering her way again, Warwick looked at the Starchild and her euphoric expression coming ever so close to him. He looked at her undeniable beauty, unknowing as to how he could extend his conversation before it inevitably soured and turned more awkward than it surely was already. Fearing that outcome, he chose to end it instead. "Goodbye for now." He turned away with a jerking motion, reluctantly ripping his view from her. "I may return, if I find another opportunity to do so. But then again, I might not." Soraka hummed, "Well, in either case, I would love to have you over again. I honestly do. Farewell, Warwick. Until next we hopefully meet." ""Hopefully"," he murmured back, heavy skepticism in his tone that Soraka did not believe for even a second. Falling on all fours, Warwick dug his heels into the grass-covered dirt below him and took off. He was soon gone, and with his departure Soraka was immediately embraced by an old acquaintance of hers she put up with so very often. Solitude. Solitude was a most lonesome thing. But with solitude came truest peace. With solitude came time to reflect. It was then when an idea entered her mind. It was a hope-filled idea aimed toward the future, and it made her beam with richest delight. Unable to find any reason not to halt herself, she chose to act on it. Soraka wandered through her grove with her staff in hand, her stride almost a mirthful skip. The Starchild continued on in this way for a trivial length of time until she come across something large laying upon the ground, sitting harmlessly over the green grass. It was a log of old, dead wood that had fallen some time ago. Wood from the gloamwood trees, to be specific. Artists treasured the material for more physical projects since it was well known for both its pliability and long-lasting durability against the likes of time and even exposure to the elements. Mostly was it used for sculpting or carving a wide variety of ceremonial items, and Soraka had, in fact, learned to do so as well. Some of her founded skill was learned from those who had passed by her domain from either trouble or wish to simply use the grove"s beauty as a form of inspiration. The rest of it was from time and endless hours of practice and self-teaching. After collecting a sizable portion of the wood in one of her hands, the Starchild got back up and moved on, humming most happily. Reaching her next destination, a grey, moss-covered boulder, she set aside her wood and staff on the side of a tree and knelt down in front of it. Lifting the large rock almost effortlessly, she gazed into the dark soil it once covered and saw the item she was after hidden within - a knife. The tool possessed a long, curled, silver blade, and etched along its wooden handle like slithering snakes were several minuscule blessings, written in an older Ionian dialect. Sighing in reverie, Soraka grabbed the knife, gripping it well in one of her hands as she pulled it from its spot. It was a carving knife, one of the variety artists used to craft wood, no matter their size, into masterworks; the variety bearing a blade made of ancient metals that scarcely dulled. This particular one was a gift from one of the artists who visited her so very long ago. He was a fellow of robust workmanship who had come to her home in the hopes of creating a sculpture in the fabled Starchild"s likeness. Soraka was more than happy to oblige him, and posed as still as stone for a great many hours just for his project. He offered the item to her in appreciation of her assistance after he had completed his grand work, and while Soraka stated that she needed no such thing, he insisted she take it with no intent on hearing her refuse. With the knife in one hand and the recollected block of aged and lifeless wood tucked under her shoulder, Soraka leisurely sauntered through her grove, all as her staff left its spot and floated after her. It was almost as though an obedient current of wind had swept it up as easily as a bird"s feather. Soon did Soraka come across another great tree she liked to visit, with an immensely thick trunk extending many hundreds of feet above the ground. Upon its branches were leaves of a reflective, ashen black. With only a cheerful expression on her face, which was shown just as plainly in her movements, Soraka, followed swiftly by her staff, moved up to the ancient plant"s base and sat down between two of its mighty roots that extended into the soil. Placing the piece of wood on the grass before her, Soraka eyed it for a long while, thinking of exactly the kind of work she wanted to make it into. With care, she brought the knife"s silver blade to the wood"s hide and began her task with steady vigor. She whittled and carved it away piece by piece, slowly, slowly crafting the object into another shape entirely... Night was upon Zaun when Warwick reached its unforgettable shores at last, having swam the whole way there. He swam and then waded through the last few hundred meters of the murky water until he stood upon dry land, shaking himself and his shaggy fur dry when he was done. He felt only somewhat weary from the trip, and there was little doubt in his mind that it had to do with his resting in that Astral Grove. Upon the lap of that strange, beautiful being - that Starchild - were his greatest torments rendered numb by something reminiscent of pleasure and... something else. By her mystical touch and sweet voice, his most agonizing of chemically-infused muscles and mechanical augmentations felt that less excruciating. Granted, it wasn"t much, but the fact that it reduced the constant pain he had to endure by any measure was miraculous in and of itself. With stealth in his movements, Warwick trekked through the corrupt city of Zaun. While his senses kept track of all that went on around him and how to elude and maneuver about the bustling metropolis of unchecked ingenuity and rampant capitalism, he kept his mind fixed on another image for the journey - that dream he had. He still remembered what Soraka had told him, about keeping his memory fresh. With any shred of hope or luck, perhaps it would come to him. Perhaps he could uncover the secret behind this mysterious "Inna" and who she was... As he reached and then walked through the grime-coated pipeline leading to his lair, all he could think of the woman as he saw her in his dream. That familiar image that had presented itself to him in an almost taunting manner. It was not a memory of pain but of pure perturbation; it was a memory of something that had taken place sometime before he became the fiend he was now, but it was not an event he recalled. That much he did know. It was just about- Warwick"s thoughts were all equally smothered in an instant as he suddenly experienced a strange smell. The odor hit his nose with the rude abruptness of a slap to the face, and it did so greatly enough that the chimera halted in his stride. This one was new. Different from the usual stink he picked up whenever he entered his home. While it possessed a certain horridness to it like any other scent that would find itself here, it was less like the usual dull and dank smell that clung to these walls and more like the smell of food and drink that had rotted or turned, mixed with... something else. Not anything he would drag down here, that was certain. Instantly sensing something was surely amiss, Warwick grew caution in his movements forward and began prowling the rest of the way at a stalking pace. After slinking forth until a scant few meters rested between him and the opening of his den, he heard a sound of scuffling. Soon after, a voice went out with it. "Oh, this doesn"t smell at all!" it seemed to complain, its tone scratchy, high-pitched, and clearly male. "But no matter; a little stench and it"ll be perfect. And what"s this? Who would leave this lying around? It"s so shiny, hee-hee! Oh, the fool who left these out surely wasn"t thinking straight, hee-hee-hee!" Warwick"s brow furrowed and his lips raised, exposing his teeth. A growl began to rumble within his throat as the individual within his home went on speaking, giving off a sour huff as it uncovered something else. It squeaked out, "Honestly, some people have no decency to just let their food wither and spoil. This old meat isn"t even covered in maggots yet! Ugh..." With that, Warwick realized whatever manner of scavenger this was had discovered his cache of dried meat he kept away as rations in the small circumstance that he left him unable to hunt. He hadn"t touched the stuff in so long that he had nearly forgotten it was there, but the fact that a stranger was defiling his belongings still infuriated him enough. Acting on this rousing bit of anger, he hastily turned the final corner and peered into his den. What he first noticed, standing almost directly in the center of his abode, was a short, gaunt, inhuman figure, his back aimed at the chimera. The little flesh of him that was exposed at this angle was enveloped in short fur that matched the color of the mold that commonly grew on sewer pipes, and a cloud of black flies buzzed around his head. Extending from its rump was a long, dark, scaly, bandage-covered tail that twitched about every few seconds like a worm undergoing electric therapy. He was clad in the filthy remnants of what seemed like either a trench coat or waistcoat, but the sleeves it once surely bore had been gnawed off at some point another so it"s scrawny, weedy forelimbs could poke through with zero resistance. Upon his left shoulder and arm rested a makeshift pauldron and gauntlet of sorts, both crafted from a scavenged bit of broken metal. A crossbow-like weapon was strung around his back, alongside what appeared to be a pair of fist-sized glass casks filled with sickly green fluids, but Warwick couldn"t discern exactly what the stuff was. What he could detect more than anything about this unwelcome intruder was the unfathomably rancid odor it gave off, which to say was worse than the one it left behind in the tunnel, and almost caused his eyes to water the moment he caught a whiff of it in all its noxiousness. "Hey!" he bellowed at last, his fangs gnashing together. Its pointed, flea-bitten ears shooting upward in alarm, the rat-creature"s body spun around, showing its face. Upon the back of his thin, long snout were a set of simple goggles, their lenses almost blurred to the point of translucence with the layers of unwashed grime that caked it. Within them, just barely visible, were a pair of beady, bloodshot eyes that practically glowed red. The ratlike creature unleashed an earsplitting shriek upon seeing what beast had discovered it sifting through its den uninvited. Fumbling with the materials it had already grabbed ahold of until they all spilled back onto the ground with a clatter, it then reached its bony, claw-tipped fingers for the weapon around its back. After the being had grabbed it and began pointing it forward, it was much clearer to see that he device itself looked indeed like an old and worn-down, but still stable crossbow, powered by chem technology. Affixed to its rearmost part, right above the wooden handle and filled to its cracked brim with only the most noxious and green chemicals that surely ran it, was a glass reminiscent of an upside-down chemistry flask. Unleashing its prepped arrow, a bolt shot forth with a hollow twang of the bowstrings, its barbed tip visible in the low light, practically gleaming with the foul substances that saturated it. In that instant, the bolt hit Warwick, piercing through the flesh of his left shoulder. It was a swift and dense pain, like that of a piercing bee"s sting. While it seemed no worse than that, it was not something he was going to ignore. Warwick stepped back and quickly put his hand to the bolt, pulling it from his flesh. Taking just a quick look at it, he glared at its barbed tip, now also coated in his red blood alongside its venom and grime. Warwick"s next glance was shot back to the ratman. To his immense agitation, the string on his crossbow had automatically reset itself. Another saturated arrow, coated in just as many vile liquids and waste, was swiftly placed in the arrow track by its wielder. With a crazed laugh he launched it, then another and another, all shot with the poorest of accuracy to guide them. Warwick leapt away the moment his newest foe starting shooting, avoiding the coming projectiles with his quickness. Running in circles for a moment, he found a large, empty metal barrel sitting on the corner of the den, and so ducked behind it. "It"s mine! It"s all mine! I licked it!" the ratman cried out with another maddened laugh, firing a second volley of bolts at the sheltered chimera. As the bolts all missed or deflected off of the his cover"s surface, Warwick looked again at the arrow he had previously been shot by, snapping the thing in two in his hand. Already he could feel the stinging poisons it injected him with festering in his bloodstream, but it was a minor pain that would surely leave. Grumbling in disgust, he tossed the broken bolt away. Sitting there, he waited for an opening to arise. Just a single one, so that he could pounce on his enemy. Lo and behold, his opportunity indeed came, almost as soon as the current volley of bolts ended. "Out of ammo?" the ratman said, apparently to himself. "Oh, wait a second... I"m sure I left a few more bolts in my-" Taking this chance, Warwick lunged from his cover silently, catching the ratman off guard. With a single, sweeping swipe he hit the crossbow out of its thin claws, sending it sliding to the floor. The creature screeched in fear and tried to jump away as soon as it realized what was happening, but by then it was too late. Chasing him down, Warwick sent his left claw forth, grabbing the ratman by the scruff of his neck. With his prey caught, Warwick stood tall and looked at it in its red eyes, hoisting him a few feet from the ground. "Please don"t kill me!" the ratman cried in terror, lifting his arms up to shield his rodent face. "Please don"t! I-I was only looking through this place for stuff to scavenge! I didn"t know anyone a-actually lived here!" "Then what of the fool who left all of this trash here "lying around"?" queried Warwick, his eyes resembling two red flames that seemed eager to feed the oversized rat to the fire. "Don"t think I didn"t hear you chittering with glee about uncovering my belongings. I know what you"re about..." The ratman lifted a quivering finger to respond, but failed to come up with anything to defend himself. He was caught in the blatant lie like his smaller, unmutated relatives in a mousetrap. Warwick raised his right claw to the creature, his metal claws extending in preparation to gut this loathsome, unwelcome intruder. Sensing his looming demise, the ratman threw his hands up in a panic. "Y-you don"t understand!" he squeaked. "I-i-if you spare me, I"m sure we can come to a-a-a m-more proper understanding! I"ll do anything you want, please!" Warwick paused. A brow lifting, his aggressive stance began to falter. Lowering his readied claw, he eyed Twitch carefully and snorted. "Give me a reason not to kill you, pest. One good reason..." The verminous creature gulped. His forepaws coming against one another, the rat-creature tapped his index claws together in a most manner, evidently thinking of a way to worm his way out of his dire predicament. "Well... I... I like being alive. Does that count?" The ratman shrugged innocently, hoping to receive a positive response. He gave up the when he saw Warwick"s lip begin to raise in a coming snarl. "Okay, okay!" he squealed next, flinching away. "I-I know who you are! I heard you like to hunt awful people! Folks in Zaun say that you like to devour those who do wrong! B-but I"m not evil. I just... do what I need to do to survive. You can understand that, yes? You can see that I"m clearly a poor, innocent person who"s just trying to make a living, yes?" "No." The ratman flinched once more at the laconic response. "O-okay, if not that, then... I have something that you might get out of me. And I"m sure that it"s something you want. You see, I... I-I can help you! I know some people you might like to eat instead of little old me..." Warwick sniffed. "Like who? Do you see anyone who has committed heinous crimes? Who"s done terrible things for selfish or... sadistic reasons?" "I see them lots of times when I"m running around in the sewers. They don"t usually see me, though. But... if there"s one thing I know about most of them, it"s that they"re definitely bad. Far, far worse than someone such as I." "In what way?" The fearful rodent ceased his twitching for a second. "Hmm... well, they like to steal things I want to steal, and I remember seeing a lot of their faces on these poster things that happen to wash through the sewers. You know, the ones that say there"s a reward for their capture, or something like that." "Anything else?" "Yes, yes! They dump lots of things down here that I"m sure you"ll want to know about. Trash, chemicals, bodies, you name it." "Really?" Warwick hummed in a most intrigued manner, his grip around the mutant creature slacking. When he realized what he was doing, he was quick to reaffirm it. "How else do you know that they are among the type that I hunt?" "I-I"ve heard them whisper about how safe they feel from time to time! S-safe from you! It"s true!" he squeaked, covering his eyes. "That"s all I know! Please don"t hurt me! I taste awful!" Instead of taking a bite of the repulsive creature as it feared, Warwick asked, "What"s your name?" "Twitch," he replied. "J-just Twitch." "You"re a lucky rat, Twitch," said Warwick, setting him down to the cool floor but keeping his grip firm. "I may just have a use for you after all." "W-well, assuming that it"s within my powers, I, uh... just might be able to help, heh..." he snickered, feigning the loss of his fear, if quite poorly. "...What is it you want from me?" "If I let you go, and you in turn find out about where these supposed bad folks dwell, then listen to what I say next: If you come back to me and tell me about them, I will not harm you." He let out a laugh that came out more like a half-snarl. "In fact, I might find it in my heart to reward you for such assistance. Can you perform this?" "Oh, yes, yes! That I can do! I can tell you everything I know, yes!" Twitch instantly, almost eagerly started, as Warwick began walking with him closer to the entrance of his lair. "As a matter of fact, I saw some people that might interest you earlier today. They were in the back pipeline of Odd Kwinge"s, not two days ago. It"s a small bar north from here, in the area just below Dingy Street. I think. I found these two guys getting rid of three bodies wrapped in bags, talking about how they didn"t want anyone to "uncover more of their evidence". I even heard one of them call the other "Fat Gerald". I saw them hanging around there twice before, and I bet my tail they live somewhere around it as well. I"m positive that you"ll want to eat them over me. That Gerald guy"s even a plump, juicy piece of-" "Shut up," commanded Warwick, the amiability in his voice gone again. Twitch shivered and did what he was coldly told. Huffing, the chimera regarded the oversized rat with a serious mien. "You heard what I said. All I want is reliable information. Are you up to this task?" "If it means you won"t kill me, then yes," was how Twitch answered, nodding his flea-bitten, rodent-esque head rapidly for a good five seconds. "Then good." Warwick let go of Twitch"s neck, dropping him to the floor like a sack of rubbish. Rubbing his paws over the scruff of his neck where the lupine beast had grabbed ahold of him, Twitch looked up to Warwick as he took a step back, giving the ratman a chance of having space to stand. "You"re free to go. And do try to remember our bargain."