"Is there a way to reverse the effects?" Arcee"s concerned-sounding voice cut in. "No" Knock Out"s responded. "We tried to find a way to fix it, but there"s nothing we can do!" "So you"re both saying this he could mutate any cycle now?" Bumblebee"s voice said. "Yes" Ratchet responded, glumly. "...And judging by how rapid his genetic makeup is changing, he could very well turn into something nobody can control." I heard enough. I opened the door, and looked out, seeing each bot outside it swerving their heads to me in surprise. "K-Kickback?" Ratchet stuttered. "H-how much of that did you hear?" He asked. "A lot..." I replied in a muffled tone, suppressing my anger as best I could. "Now, listen, let me explain..." Knock Out began. "First off, we found that your CNA was dangerously unstable, which is, uh, the reason we called you down last night..." I tried to calm myself. "What... What am I turning into THIS time, time, time?" I asked. "Well... We"re not sure" Ratchet replied. "The change could be extremely minor, or it could be... Tremendous." "We just don"t have the technology to fix this kind of thing!" Knock Out said again. "The only bot I ever knew who excelled in this kind of field was Shockwave, but considering his allegiances, I don"t think he"d really want to help." "None of us even know where he is!" I cried out, clasping my head with my servos. "Why me? Why? Why? Why?" I despaired, turning and walking back into the lab, kicking a cupboard as I passed it. I swept a servo across a nearby desk, shattering and scattering small pieces of lab equipment as I let out a roar of anger. "I... Needed that..." Ratchet muttered as I continued my small rampage. "Kickback, calm down! Don"t let it control you!" Bulkhead shouted. His words snapped me out of my stupor as I turned and looked at him. "What am I sssupposed to do?" I said back at him. "I"m going to mutate again at any cycle now, and there"s nothing we can do to stop it!" Suddenly, a red light shown throughout the base, followed by a buzzing noise. "Oh, now what?" I asked. "The communications system!" Ratchet answered, immediately turning and running toward the groundbridge. My plight temporarily forgotten, they all turned and followed Ratchet. "What about me?" I moaned. Bulkhead stopped running and looked at me. "When it"s like that, it"s a signal from the Cons" he answered before continuing his run to rejoin them. "Oh" I said to myself. "Wait for me!" I yelled as I, too, began running. I approached where the others were listening in, and I saw Ratchet press a device on the computer board. An image of Starscream appeared on the screen above it. "Hello, Autobots" he said in his usual, conniving tone. "What do you want, Scream?" Arcee asked. "The answer is very simple, actually" he said again, smile creeping onto his face. "I recently caught wind of a new member in your little group, Tailslide, was he?" "Not anymore" I said. He turned his head to me. "It"s Kickback now." "Whatever..." He replied. "The point I"m getting to, is that I"m seeking a little... "Exhange."" "Heh. For what?" Ratchet asked. Starscream smirked. "Why, for this little snoop I found trying to get to you, of course!" He said, shifting the camera to focus on a blue-and-white bot, on his knees, next to him, stasis cuffs around his arms. Upon closer inspection, the bot looked like bumblebee, with the exception of his head, and he looked dented and burnt in some parts. "M-Mirage?" Ratchet stuttered. "How in Primus..." "...Did I catch him?" Starscream finished for him. "The answer"s quite simple, really. Soundwave heard a transmission between you and your little "covert-operations" specialist here, and we decided to give him our own form of greeting." "You..." Ratchet began, anger swelling up in his voice. "I"m sending you the coordinates of where I want to meet" Starscream continued. "Be there in ten cycles, or you this will be the last you see of... "Mirage" online" He said, threateningly. "Don"t... Do it" Mirage"s damaged body managed to whisper just before the transmission ended. Silence erupted through the room as we all stared at the blank screen. Slowly but surely, everyone in the room began looking at me. "Kickback?..." Miko began, looking up at me. "Don"t worry, we"ll think of-" "Trade me" I said, cutting her off. "What?" Bulkhead, Ratchet, and Arcee said in unison. "I sssaid... Trade me" I demanded again. "I know I"m going to mutate into something beyond anyone"s power, ssso either way, I"m ssscrewed." "Now listen..." Knock Out said "We still aren"t sure what the extent of it will be, for all we know, you"ll just grow another foot." "We don"t even have time to form a plan, plan, plan" I replied. My left servo morphed into its blaster form and I placed the tip of the barrel on the temple of my head. Everyone near me took a step back in surprise. "Either you trade me to them, or I"ll off myself, here and now, and you"ll never see Mirage again" I said, twitching nervously, mandibles chittering as though I had lost my mind. "Kickback, what are you doing?" Arcee shouted. "The right thing" I said. She and Bulkhead slowly approached me, but when they got too close, a loud humming sound came from my blaster. "Sssafety"s off!" I exclaimed. "Any closer, and there will be no options at all, all, all!" "Think about what you"re doing!" Bulkhead yelled. "I tried thinking..." I started to say. "Thinking got me here in the first place. Thinking got me into this form... I"m not going to think anymore! I"m acting!" "The mutation is beginning to affect his processor" Knock Out said. "I think he really means it." "Ratchet..." I began. "We both know thisss is the only way. Open the groundbridge." "No" he replied. "We need to make a plan. We can save both of you! Just give us some time to make a plan..." "Time is sssomething we don"t have!" I shouted. "Lassst I checked, Starssscream sent that message four nano-kliks ago. we only have sssix left!" I looked to my left and saw Bumblebee trying to sneak up on me. I shot him a glare and snapped the pincers on my back, threateningly. He backed off. Ratchet sighed, closed his optics and placed his face in his servo. "Can we at least... Can we at least place a tracking device on you?" He asked, raising his head again. "If you agree with me, then fine, fine, fine" I replied. He ran to his lab and returned instantly, carrying a small device that I could barely see sticking from the edge of one of his digits. "Put this in a place they won"t look" he advised when he handed it to me. Upon close inspection, I noticed that the device looked square in shape. I placed it on my back, where it magnetically attached to an area between my servos. "Thanksss" I said in return. "Now... Open the groundbridge" "You do know we can still think of other options" Arcee said as I lowered my blaster from my head. "I know... But I don"t want them" I replied. "It"s time I thought for myself and the group around here, and consssidering what may happen to me, thisss may be my lassst chance." "That"s not true" Ratchet said as he inputted the coordinates into the groundbridge. "We can save you! We just need time to find out how!" "That"s not true, true, true" I snapped as the portal opened. "...And you know it. Now, let"s forget about me, and go save Mirage. You can save me, later, on their ship." I ran headfirst into the portal, before the others could, and soon found myself in the middle of a large grassland, under a dark, early morning sky. As I heard the others follow through, I looked ahead and saw many, dark shapes, one of which was bigger than the rest. Lugnut. "At last" he growled in his deep, grave voice, turning to us as the last of us exited the portal, before it closed. It was just me, Arcee, Bulkhead, and Knock Out facing off against nearly two-dozen Vehicons and Lugnut. "I see you"ve come, abomination" he said again as all our optics met. "And as per our agreement..." He began as he turned to the Vehicons. "...Bring out the prisoner." As he said that, the Vehicons parted, revealing Mirage"s blue-and-white body, bound with stasis cuffs, and blindfolded with a crude metal sheet wrapped around his optics. Two Vehicons dragged him off his knees with a grunt, and brought him to the center area of the field, dropping him in a heap. Lugnut calmly walked up to his body and took off the sheet around his blue optics. He looked around wildly until he saw us, letting out a sigh. "H-hey..." He muttered weakly in our direction. "Now... You!" Lugnut exclaimed, pointing to me. I turned my servo into a fist and started to walk forward. Bulkhead followed. "Well..." I started as I approached the behemoth. "Here I am. Give Mirage to them, and I"ll come quietly." "No tricks?" He asked. "No tricks, tricks, tricks" I lied, thinking of the tracking device on my back. He effortlessly lifted Mirage"s moaning body up and threw him at Bulkhead like a rock, who barely had time to react before he slammed into him with a groan, sending Bulkhead stumbling back a few feet. "You"re mine now" He suddenly said as he reached his servo down and grabbed my arm. I didn"t resist when he slapped a pair of stasis cuffs on both of them, though I did cringe at how unimaginably tight he made them. "Looksss like sssomebody woke up on the wrong ssside of the bed" I muttered as he began to lead me away. "Quiet!" he shouted as he smacked my head. I looked back and saw my friends help Mirage, Knock Out helping him through a rapidly-opening portal. If I had a proper mouth, I"d be smiling, but the feeling faded as soon as Lugnut spoke again. "Now that we"ve finished our business... Decepticons, kill them all" As soon as he said that, each Vehicon aimed and fired at my friends, just as the portal was closing. "No!" I shouted as they began to defend themselves. I watched in horror when the shots fired on both sides, countless Vehicons falling, and countless blaster shots hitting my friends. A portal opened ahead of me and Lugnut. "In you go" he said as he pushed me toward it. I turned back, and in rage, kicked him in the knee. He let out a cry of surprise and staggered for a moment while I tried to run, but he grabbed hold of my leg as I passed him. "Heh... You"re not getting away from me that easy, freak" he said as he began to lift me up. Before I could react, he flung me into the portal, and the last thing I saw before my screaming body went through it was the fight continuing. I flew through the portal into the destination, and landed on the ground, my body screeching to a grinding halt as I landed on the metal ground. I got onto my legs with a groan as I lifted myself up. I heard the portal behind me close, and when I turned, I saw the large shape of Lugnut approaching me, his single optic staring at me, menacingly. As I turned to run, he grabbed me by the scruff of my neck, and began dragging me down the hall while I tried to grapple with his servo. "I"ve waited a long time for this" he mused as we continued on. "And now, I"m not just going to enjoy watching your spark get extinguished... I"m going to watch it get dissected like the bug you are." I saw a door ahead of us open up, and Lugnut threw me in its dark room with a thud. I lifted my head up and saw a purple figure standing above me. Shockwave stared down at me, arm cannon aimed, before he slowly lowered it, and looked toward Lugnut. "I take it that your exchange went over as planned" he said to the behemoth. "Yes it did..." Lugnut said as he walked up to me. "For once I can finally power down, and actually stay that way. Show me the footage of this... Thing"s demise when I awake." "He will be gone by this afternoon" Shockwave said as he looked back down to me. "Strap him onto this examination table, and you can be dismissed." Lugnut did so, smile on his face, grabbing me and not-so-gently placing me on the table, taking off my stasis cuffs, and stretching my arms out, despite my attempts to thwart him. Shockwave activated a button, and beams of energy flew out and wrapped around my limbs and waist, holding my grunting body in place. "You"re all monsters... Kickback know you all monsters!" I yelled, then stopped talking when I realized my speech pattern changed. What was that? Why do I sound funny? I wondered. "It even speaks wrong" Lugnut said as he turned away. "Have fun, doctor" he said a final time before exiting the room. Shockwave brought out a needle and walked up to me. "Your mutation really is fascinating" he said as I struggled with my bonds. "Nothing like it has ever been cataloged by science. I am privileged to be the first. You should too." I spat in his face when he got close to me. He merely wiped the green energon stain off his single, large optic, not even registering the level of insult I just performed. I continued to struggle. "I do not blame your resistance" he said as he inspected the needle. "It is a common thing most of my experiments and test subjects do, but I"ll have you know, nothing has broken those bonds before." As he finished talking, I saw and felt him stick the needle into my arm, and dark green energon seeped into its tube. I tried to grab at him with the servos on my back, but he was way out of reach. I growled in frustration and anger. "Interesting..." He said in a hushed voice as he examined the tube"s contents. He walked over to a machine and drained the energon into a funnel connecting to it. Nano-kliks later, paper began to print out of it, and Shockwave grabbed the results, reading them intensely. "Very strange... Your CNA readings have become significantly different since we last met... It appears that you"re mutating again" he said as he fixed his gaze back at me. "Kickback not care. Kickback get out and destroy you" I threatened as he picked up a vial of blue liquid and placed it inside the chamber of the same needle he just used. "If I"m going to have a look inside you, it would be best if you weren"t conscious" Shockwave said again as he pointed the needle"s tip in my direction. He began to walk up to me, but suddenly stopped and placed the device down, raising his servo to his intercom. "What?" He asked into it. "A bridge portal, here? That"s highly illogical... Unless..." He looked back at me. "What"s happening?" I asked. "It"s none of your concern" he said. He focused back to the bot on the other end of his intercom. "Tell Starscream that I believe that the test subject has brought a tracking device on board with him" Shockwave said again, heading toward the door. "I"ll be right up." He turned one last time to me. "I appear to have other matters to attend to, and will be back in a while. Enjoy your stay of execution while it lasts." He then headed out the door, and it closed behind him, leaving me alone once again, looking around desperately for a way to escape. I continued to struggle with the energon chains wrapped around my servos and legs. Must... Get... Free... Was all I thought as vicious, primal urges began to gnaw at my mind and body. I could feel something was wrong as my limbs began to feel both unimaginably numb, and hot, like somebody had lit the energon in my fuel lines on fire. "What is happening to Kickback?" I screamed as the rest of my body began to follow in my arm"s and leg"s agony. Dark, green liquid, which I could only assume to be my own lifeblood, began to ooze out of every joint in my entire body. My left arm began to bend and snap in ways it was not meant to, making me cry out in pain. Just as my other arm started to do so as well, I realized, through my strained vision, that this pain had somehow given me the strength to break my bonds, as I noticed my left arm had broken free, and began to flail around, almost uncontrollably in the air, throwing energon around my already stained body, and the room. through either the force of sheer will, or survival, I navigated my servo to the other band around my other servo, tearing it off like a piece of paper. I groaned as I then focused my addled mind to the ones around my legs, quickly ripping them off, and moving my bottommost limbs to the ground, off the table I was on, as soon as I had done so. I tried to stand on my legs, but the nano-klik I did, I collapsed to the ground, headfirst, sending vivid flashing colors through my sight as I tried to regain my footing. The farthest I could get was onto my knees, but then I was hit by a much weirder feeling, as if I was wearing armor that didn"t fit. "Zzzz..." I burbled groggily as I, instinctively, stuck my fingers into the cracks opening up on the crown of my head, energon flooding out of them like an open wound, antennas hanging lifelessly from the side. I pulled. I pulled as hard as I could with what remained of my strength, as my vision blurred. I pulled the cracks apart, in two, creating a large fissure out of the outer shell that was once my head, that soon extended to my back and chest. With a final grunt, groan, and buzz, I felt the shell give way, and a sudden feeling of my body splitting in two, followed by a cold feeling of the air on my new, wet, energon-covered body. I cried out in utter relief, one last time, before my aching body fell to the ground with a sickly splat. I began to lose consciousness in the wake of the experience, and I could feel myself drifting into sleep as my optics closed. I woke up what felt like nano-kliks later. I was on the ground, and something felt extraordinarily... different. "What... Where...?" I began as I looked around the unknown, albeit, very familiar environment I was in. Everything looked a different color. I could see fine, but for some reason, everything I saw looked slightly purple. "Where... Iz... Kickback?" I said to myself as I rubbed the back of my head, and slowly got up onto my legs. "How Kickback get here?" I asked myself, confusion enveloping my mind like a thick fog. All I could remember were two, large, one-eyed bots, and the pain I had just experienced. I looked at my servo, and my optics widened in shock. What I clearly remembered once being a five-fingered servo, was now a large, three-fingered one. I quickly walked over to a nearby desk with a glass panel on it, and looked into it. I saw my reflection, and it nearly startled me. My head now clearly had two, small, yellow antenna sticking out of the middle of it, and there were two, large, purple optics below them. I began to open my mouth, and I saw two, large mandibles part ways, showing off a mouthful of needle-sharp teeth. I turned my body around and looked at my back. I now had thin, membranous wings on my slightly hunched back, and there was a large, black-and-green, striped, insect-esque abdomen. I backed away at the sight, and looked at the closed door next to me. "How Kickback ezzzcape from here?" I nervously asked myself when I realized the door was locked. I hit it with my servo in frustration, not expecting anything to happen, when suddenly I felt little resistance as it made a hole. I stared at my the hole my fist made, with a mix of surprise and joy. "Kickback... Not like Kickback anymore..." I slowly began to say as I began to rip more pieces of the door apart. "Kickback look like wazzzp" I buzzed, thinking of my appearence. "And Kickback also like... Like Terminator..." I said again, in glee, thinking back to that movie I distinctly remember seeing. "Kickback iz... Iz... Wazpinator!" I shouted as I finished tearing the door down, laughing to myself. I turned my head left and right, and saw two directions I could head down. I turned to the right one and made a dash down it, only to slam into something that felt like a wall, knocking me to the ground. "You!" A familiar voice shouted, as I felt a servo grab my arm and lift me up. I tried to wriggle out of the titanic grip, and saw in horror that it was Lugnut "You... Look different" Lugnut growled as he held me up. I clawed at him and he immediately dropped me. He kicked me before I could get a good footing, punting me dozens of meters back where I landed on the ground. "I was wrong to let Shockwave kill you slowly..." He began as I reared up to my full height, which to say was only about half of his. "...So I"ll have to kill you now!" He shouted as he charged at me. Raising his arm to smash his fist into me, I dodged by jumping back, and, wings buzzing, I flew over him before he could react. As I landed on the ground, he turned to me, his single optic glowing red in rage. "After I"m done with you, I can"t wait to see the looks on your filthy Autobot friend"s faces when I show them your head, before I destroy them too" he said, a small chuckle escaping from his jaw. I could feel my expression changed from one of worry, to anger. "You... You think you can hurt Wazpinator"s friends?" I shouted. "Then... Wazpinator hurt you!" I could feel my T-cog shift as I transformed, a new feeling overtaking me as it completed. My vision became more acute, and I noticed that Lugnut appeared to glow orange, as if I was using thermal vision. I felt something shift out of my abdomen, and I saw it was a long, barbed stinger, dripping a clear, liquid poison most foul. "Wazpinator hurt you!" I screamed again as I flew to him, stinger raised and ready to impale him.