"Your not coming are you?" Leia said knowingly "Your right I"m not coming with you." Grace replied avoiding her eyes "Why? so you can risk your life, get captured and tortured to try to save dad." Luke said "Yes because he would do the same for us and both of you know it!" Grace retorted "Yes he would... so we must do the same." Luke said Both sibling"s looked at their older sister with tears glistening in their eyes Grace hugged both of them and looked into their eyes "Hey, we"re always together in our heart"s no matter what has happened." Grace said softly but sternly "We know but its hard..." Leia said but was interrupted "You have to go.. now!" Grace yelled as stormtroopers started to storm into the area as the transport flew away "Don"t worry we"ll see each other soon" Grace thought knowing her sibling"s heard Grace grabbed the blaster from her boot and started to fire as fast as the blaster could allow but knew it wouldn"t be enough. She ran as fast as she could but was blasted by as stun ray. The last thing she consciously heard was " Inform the caption that we have a prisoner" a stormtrooper said ~End Flashback~ Grace heard the door open and her mother was forced into the cell. "How bad was it?" Grace said referring to the whippings "It hurt but I can handle it." Padme assured her daughter smiling weakly Grace knew she could but she knew it won"t take long before she herself started to be given whippings and she couldn"t help but feel sick. Here is my new story I have not decided on the name yet and George Lucas owns star wars not me but I own Grace Skywalker and Vader isn"t in a suit. Both Padme and Grace received several whipping"s to make them reveal where the rebels were but they failed to make them talk. Meanwhile with the emperor... "Send medics to cell 6223 and make sure all the injuries are gone in a few weeks" Palpatine Said "Yes sir" The emperor"s com link beeped. "Yes what is it" growled Sidious "The rebels on sollust are captured my master and being questioned." Said Vader "Good after you destroy them return to Imperial center I have a surprise for you." Said sidious "Yes master" Vader said The comm. Shut off and the emperor smiled everything was going according to plan. Demoting Amidala was the best thing he ever did no one will question his authority now. Back with Padme and Grace two months later... Both Padme and were dressed in slave outfits that barely covered them and make up to cover wounds and whelps that haven"t healed just yet and escorted by guards into the senate meeting room unseen by any of the senators. In celebration of his victory over a small group of rebels lord Vader and emperor Palpatine were in. Applause was heard throughout the senate hall. "In honor of his victory I give him these gifts" Said Palpatine Both Padme and Grace were kneeling in front of Vader. Whispers of "senator Amidala" and "Grace Amidala" were heard throughout the hall. "Take them to my apartment" Vader said. As he watched the guards led them away he thought. "Why would he give me slaves given my horrible past?' Vader thought. When Vader entered his apartment he saw padme and Grace waiting "What are your names" Vader asked. "Senator Padme Amidala" Said Padme "Grace Amidala" Said Grace. "Alright but since you"re not a senator any more I will call you padme" Vader said Padme ignored him. "Well, this is going to be harder than I thought" Vader and Grace thought "Here are your bedrooms" Vader said. The bedrooms were next to each other had their own refreshers. "Thank you" both Grace and Padme said. Then both of them took showers and got ready for bed and fell asleep except for Vader Vader couldn"t understand why his master gave him slaves, he could see why he wanted to get rid of senator Amidala but why Grace she was barely fourteen by the looks of it and his master is probably on to something, but Vader is starting to suspect both the senator and Grace apart of his past. But he couldn"t place it so he just let it go for now and so fell asleep. The next morning grace had woken up and went on the veranda and stared at the Coruscant sunrise feeling the breeze around her but she felt that her father was waking up so she hid up against the hallway wall and winced since a whelp on her back hasn"t healed yet. Vader knew he heard either padme or Grace but decided to ignore which one it was and went on the veranda to meditate, and felt graces lingering presence, grace was on the veranda also behind him, he sensed. "A little early isn"t it?" Vader asked turning to face Grace Grace shuttered as Vader"s cold stare looked at her, it wasn"t like the comforting stare she was used to from her father. Maybe, but I wanted to see the sunrise and look around, I guess." Grace said looking around the apartment "Yes, well there are restrictions young one." Vader pointed out Grace felt her fathers force presence, it was full of darkness but she could feel a twinge of light. "True, but neither my mother or I are used to our surroundings." Grace said while twirling a curl with her finger Vader could feel that she was nervous and chuckled seeing a 14 year old nervous around him, since he was used to people fearing him and being cowards around him. "Well, lord Vader may I ask you something?" grace asked Vader nodded wondering what she was going to say. "How long have you worked for the emperor?" grace asked "For as long as I can remember." Vader answered "So basically you"ve been working for him for three years almost.' Grace thought with disgust "Just wondering." Grace said turning around and walking back to her room for a little more sleep Grace slammed her bedroom door and slid down to the floor with her knees up and started to cry. "My family"s shattered. Since Luke and Leia are at the rendezvous point and Mom, Dad and I are here.' Grace thought while crying Vader heard the door slam and saw Padme come out and look at him "What did you do." Padme wondered knowing that was her daughter "Nothing." Vader said tersely "You"ve must have done something to upset her." Padme insisted "Maybe the reality of being here is setting in." Vader suggested "Possibly." Padme said knowing it"ll take a few hours to get used to this Padme walked to her daughters room and knocked on the door "Come in." Grace said her voice cracking slightly Padme walked in and saw her daughter sitting on the floor with tear stained cheeks and sat down next to her "You alright?" Padme asked Grace hesitated, sighing "I"m in between mom with everything that"s happening." "I know but you must try to be strong in this situation but you can talk with me when it gets hard." Padme said gently Meanwhile with Vader... It had been a while since Padme went into her daughters room and Vader was irritated "Why does Grace"s force signature feel so familiar and why she and her mother look so familiar?' Vader thought Vader searched his memory and came up empty except a image of him holding a beautiful baby girl and Padme sitting next to him. He decided to leave them alone for the day and tell them the guidelines the next morning. The next morning Grace and padme came into the kitchen and started to make breakfast but Vader was already making it so they just sat in the living room until he called them. "You feeling better?" Padme said softly Grace nodded trying to be strong but it"s harder than before especially since darkness was surrounding her father with a glimmer of light. "Breakfast." Yelled Vader Both Grace and her mom sat down at the table and started to eat. Alright, here are the rules no leaving the apartment at all unless its to go to the executor even then you will not leave the quarters." Vader instructed "So... what are you going to do today" Asked Padme. Grace was shocked her mom had barley said a word to her husband since they came into his care but she might warming up to Vader. "I"ll be checking on the plan for a battle station and then check on the army." Vader said walking towards the door Both Grace and padme nodded, And then he closed the door. Grace had made sure her mom wasn"t looking so she crept into Vader"s room and hacked into his computer and searched some files until she found something on her grandmother, Shmi. Grace read through the document that revealed that Palpatine paid some tusken raiders to kidnap her grandmother and basically beat her to death until her father came and to get a reaction that would start his plunge into the dark Side. "Why?' thought Grace as she read through the document that contained the secret behind her grandma"s kidnapping that led to her death. "What are you doing?" Asked padme. Then Grace turned and tried to hide the document but no dice. Padme gasped as she read the document and started to think. "We can"t tell Vader about this" Said padme as she closed the documents on the computer. "I know that Mom." Said Grace and then they turned off the computer and sat on the couch. Grace remembered after the announcement Obi-wan was horrified because he knew that was his best friend, brother and confidant, he thought he was gone but he wasn"t, he thought it was a nightmare, Grace knew he was devastated but he would survive. It seemed like hours before Vader returned and Grace and Padme were nervous but they were prepared "So what did you two do today?" Asked Vader Grace"s mouth was so dry she could barely speak but her mom came to her rescue as always "We just watched some news." Padme said "Alright I"ll believe it for now." Vader said as he started to clean the dishes. Grace breathed a sigh of relief that her father didn"t find out about the documents just yet. Later that night... Vader can"t help but wonder where he had seen Padme and Grace before but couldn"t remember but just then a flashback happened ~Flashback~ Vader saw himself in Jedi garb chasing a little girl with light brown curly hair who looked about three. "You can"t run from me little one!" Anakin said confident Grace was running and giggling and didn"t notice that her Daddy grab her and started to tickle her to death. When it stopped both landed on the couch still laughing "Daddy can we pwease play pilot after dinner?" Grace asked innocently after the laughing stopped "I don"t know baby girl it"ll probably be time for bed after dinner." Anakin said seeing his wife giving him a look. "Anakin I think that maybe after a bath you could play for 10 minutes" Padme relented "Alright, angel." Anakin said as he got up from the couch and placed their daughter on the couch safely and then kissed Padme Later after Grace went to sleep Anakin and Padme are laying in her bed in silence "I wish you didn"t have to go Ani." Padme says softly "I know angel but I"m sure I"ll be back before you know it" Anakin assures her "Let"s not think of tomorrow so my Jedi knight what"s on the agenda tonight?" Padme questioned "Oh, I think you know" Anakin whispered kissing her ~End Flashback~ Vader was confused if Grace and Padme were apart of his past as his daughter and wife, and his name was Anakin what did his past hold besides that was anything Palpatine the truth or was all of it a lie all along? Later that night Grace couldn"t go to sleep so she went out on the balcony and looked at the stars because she misses Leia and Luke and she feels guilty about all the secret"s she has kept for almost four years. She started to hum a lullaby that her mom and dad used to sing to her and Leia and Luke but turned to see Vader. "What are you doing up?" Vader asked "I was just thinking of my parents and couldn"t sleep." Grace said looking up at the stars "Really? Cause I couldn"t either" Vader said "Do you ever feel like there"s something missing from your life?" Grace questioned "More and more each day it seems." Vader commented "Too many secrets creep around you that it seems like its suffocating doesn"t it." Grace said "Maybe but if you tell someone you will feel better." Vader said Grace looked into her father"s eye"s and noticed he was being sincere "I think it"s time for bed little one." Vader suggested "He still calls me little one after all these years even though I"m not exactly little anymore" Grace thought knowing her father heard Grace nodded and went back to bed while Vader was pretty sure he"ll reveal himself as her father soon enough When Grace went back she went to her mother"s room and got into bed with her like she did when she was little. Vader and Grace had several conversations over the next few days after that conversation... Grace woke up with a fever and was pale, and she felt like she was going to faint any minute she went into the kitchen to see Vader cooking breakfast for the three of them "Good morning" Grace said "Good morning Grace." Vader said back Vader turned to see a very pale, tired teenager not the vibrant almost 14 year old he had come to know and started to remember "Are you alright?" Vader asked "I"m fine, I promise." Grace insisted "Alright but if your sick get go straight to bed baby girl." Vader said softly "What did you say?" Grace said "You know what you heard." "Daddy is it really you?" Grace smiled hopefully "Grace Shmi Skywalker what go you think?" Anakin replied smirking "Dad I"ve missed you so much!" Grace said hugging her father with all her might and crying into his torso "Shhhh I have too also so what happened to your mom?" Anakin asked after he calmed his daughter down "She doesn"t remember getting married to you or giving birth to me or Luke and Leia." Grace said "Well you and I will just have to jog her memory." Anakin thought "How"s that going to happen you have to be on the bridge of the Executor in about 4 hours or so" Grace said "We"ll manage somehow." Anakin said Three hours later Vader, Padme and Grace were boarding the Executor, padme and Grace were wearing "Stay here at all times." Anakin ordered playing the part of Vader then he left. Padme noticed that Grace was looking a little pale. "Are you alright?" Padme asked Grace shook her head "I haven"t been since I woke up." "Go lay down sweetheart so I can take your temperature." Padme said then she looked for a thermometer and stuck it under Grace"s tongue. Then the numbers of the temperature came to 102.3 so Grace had to stay in bed while Padme contacted Vader. "What is it?" Vader said irritated when Padme got through. "Grace has a fever so she has to stay in bed." Padme said to him while trying not to bite his head off. "I had noticed she wasn"t herself but she said she was fine, and I have surprises when I get back." Vader said "Ok." Padme said as she ended the call, she got a funny feeling that this has happened before. ~Flashback~ Padme was looking down at her two year old Grace Skywalker and felt her forehead which was warm "Oh baby girl" Padme whispered Padme got out a baby thermometer and took her daughter"s temperature "102.3 huh well I guess it"s just you and I today huh?" Padme said smiling down at her awake daughter Padme started to tickle her daughter to make her smile as Padme knew if she saw her smile she could get through another day After awhile padme fell asleep with her daughter next to her sleeping peacefully unlike the rest of the galaxy and all she wanted was her personal Jedi knight husband Anakin Skywalker to be there and the moment would be perfect. ~ End Flashback~ After the flashback, Padme was wondering where her so-called husband was after the speeder accident that erased her memories of their marriage and the birth and the first ten years of their daughter"s life. It was hours it seemed till Anakin came back with two droids that could make Grace laugh so hard at their arguments, See-Threepio and R2-D2 But instead of laughing as was expected she fainted because she thought she wouldn"t see them again "What happened?" Grace asked when she woke up from fainting. "You fainted after seeing what I brought back." Anakin explained "Oh I"m sorry but those Droids..." Explained Grace "I know what they mean..." Anakin tried to explain "Thank you." Grace said knowing what he was trying to do Padme was shocked since what she had heard about Darth Vader was different to what she was seeing now maybe there is a heart underneath all destruction and death. "Thank you for doing that for my daughter." Padmé said "It was nothing." Anakin replied "I haven"t seen her smile like that in a while." Padmé said "When she was younger I would do anything to make her smile so I can get through the day or even the week during the clone wars." Padme admitted "Really? Why was it important?" Anakin questioned his wife "Yes, because I would get through the terrible fighting for another day or so and have the courage to fight to stop the fighting and let the diplomacy resume." Padmé said smiling softly "Now where have I heard that before?" Anakin thought Turning to go to the living room he found himself closer to her than both of them thought. "My head is saying one thing while my heart is saying another which one is right and which is wrong?" Padmé thought confused Anakin"s heart was thumping the closer he got to kissing her "I never thought I would be able to kiss her like this again." Anakin leaned down to kiss Padmé Padmé started to kiss him back but realized "I can"t be with him because I would betray the alliance." Padmé thought Padmé abruptly pulled away from the kiss "We can"t be together Vader." Padmé said looking down avoiding his blue eyes "I knew that she wouldn"t be with me cause I"m supposed to be the enemy but doesn"t mean I won"t try" Anakin thought Anakin was not surprised to say the least but still said "Why not?" putting his hand under her chin so she"ll look into his eyes "Because we"re on different sides of the conflict." Padmé said breaking eye contact "What about our feelings Padme?" Anakin challenged "Sometimes we have to sacrifice what we want to see the right things happen." Padmé explained moving the other way "But we can"t reject our feelings forever you know that don"t you?" Anakin questioned "Yes but it won"t matter if one of us in prison or executed for their crimes." Padmé retorted Anakin stormed out of the kitchen knowing she was right as always to see Grace watching a pod race on the television. "I was trying to sleep but heard you and Mom Arguing on something." Grace explained Anakin sighed and sat down "What do you think I should do Grace." "I think you two should have a candle lit dinner just the two of you." Grace suggested "That"s a great idea Grace." Anakin said "I"ll have threepio make some bantha stake and some dessert." Grace said "Threepio knows just what I want doesn"t he?" Anakin exclaimed "Man I never thought I would talking with my dad like this again." Grace thought "Yes he does cause you programed to know our favorite foods." Grace explained "Yup I did cause wouldn"t we take turns having our favorite foods for dinner?" Anakin said "Yeah and Luke, Leia and I programmed him once to talk like Master Yoda and you were just laughed until your were breathless." Grace remembered "Yeah and you and Luke and Leia had to reprogram him again without help." Anakin said laughing remembering threepio talking like Yoda The laughter rang through the halls that Padmé could hear from her quarters and crept into the hallway listening in "Why is Grace that friendly with Vader when he"s the enemy or is he?" Later that night Grace set the table and Threepio lit the candles with matches and put the dinner on the table. When Anakin saw the table that Grace and Threepio set he was amazed. "I never thought our daughter would go to all that trouble just for her mom and me." Anakin thought When Padme saw the table she thought that it was the most romantic thing anyone has done for her. Anakin pulled out her chair and Padme sat down and then sat down himself. "You did all of this for me?" Padme said surprised spinning around to look at the beautiful "Yes I did with help from Grace and Threepio." Anakin said "So how long have you been in politics Padmé?" Anakin asked "Since I was a about ten in legislative youth program, then at fourteen I was elected as queen then after two terms the Queen asked me to be senator and I couldn"t refuse." Padmé said Anakin smirked lightly remembering that conversation on the way to the palace before they admitted their feelings . "What are you smiling about?" Padmé asked It"s just I heard that before." Anakin said "Where?" Padmé asked That is the end of this chapter but there will be a longer chapter next time and please, please review. Vader and Padme were having a great time until palpatine decided to intervene '"Vader I thought you were searching for rebels not being an idiot!' He screeched Vader decided to go confront palpatine and end the conflict once and for all Palpatine started to blast him with lightning and passed out. Then woke up then flew to his ship and passed out he got into his quarters "You"re in your bedroom after you were attacked by the emperor." Faith and Padme explained "Thank you but I thought you were mad at me Padme." Vader said "I was forced to help." Padme explained Vader was saddened about that because he really loves her. "I"m surprised that you are being very quiet Faith." Vader and Padme said "Because I"ve been keeping a secret for about since you left the first morning." Faith explained