"Spread your fingers." Lowe demanded. Maria whimpered softly. "Please don"t do this." "Lowe!" Heero shouted, trying to break free from his captors. "Spread your fingers." He said again. "Please..." She whispered. Lowe sighed in frustration. "Maria if you won"t do as you"re told, I"ll have to remove your whole hand." Slowly, she spread her trembling fingers onto the tray and closed her eyes as the knife was aligned with her pinkie finger. He looked at Heero. "See what happens when you don"t play by the rules?" Heero met his eyes. "Please, don"t. I"ll do whatever it is you want me to do. Just don"t harm her." He begged. "It"s too late." Maria screamed in pain as she felt the stainless steel sharp edge of the knife saw its way through her finger. Tears trickled down her face and she was vaguely aware of her father screaming at Lowe from somewhere in the distance. When she felt the knife reach the bone her screams became louder and more painfilled. Heero"s heart thumped in his chest as he watched his beautiful daughter be mutilated by Lowe. His throat became hoarse from shouting and he felt weak from struggling so violantly. He felt his knees sink to the ground and the rest of his body with them. "Maria..." he said numbly. Maria"s screams disintegrated into quiet whimpers as the last part of her finger was cut through. Lowe cackled as he held it up triumphantly before putting it into Maria"s skirt pocket. Grasping her hand in disbelief, she watched the blood pour out form the stump where her finger used to be. She could feel it in her pocket, poking into her leg as if it were still attached to her. She looked at her father kneeling on the floor and felt a deep burning hatred for Lowe for what he"d put her family through. Heero brought his eyes up to Maria"s and they looked at each other. He just wanted to hold her in his arms and take her home. He just wanted to protect her. But he hadn"t. He had failed her once again. "Come on now," Lowe said to Maria, stroking her hair affectionately. "You still have another one." "You bastard," Maria whispered. "You Goddamn bastard." Lowe tore his attention from her as he heard Heero laughing hysterically. He sneered at him. "What"s so funny?" "I"m expecting company any time now," He said. At that moment, their was a sudden burst of gunfire from all directions as the windows shattered and bullets flew everywhere. Seeing his chance, Heero burst free from the unsuspecting men and raced towards Maria. He tore the ropes from around her legs and dragged her by the hand through the nearest door. Lowe screamed at him from behind the tray were he was taking cover until he had loaded up his gun. Heero didn"t hear what he said. He sprinted down the many corridors with Maria behind him until he had finally reached the exit. Maria saw Duo and Danny standing beside a car. "I want you to wait here." Heero commanded. "Dad, let"s just go." "No. I have to finish this." Maria jutted her bottom lip out. "Okay. But...be careful." Heero hugged her tightly. "I love you." He ran back inside. "Jesus!" Duo exclaimed and took her injured hand gently so he could wrap it up in bandages. "What happened?" Danny asked. Maria put her other hand in her pocket and pulled out her finger. "He cut it off." She quietly said. "It"ll be okay," Duo said. "If we can get you to a hospital then they can save it." "Then what are we waiting for?" Danny asked impatiently. "I"m not leaving until I know my dad"s okay," Maria replied. The two males knew better than to argue with her and waited. About five minutes later, Heero reappeared. Maria noticed blood on his hands. "Is it over?" She asked. He smiled softly at her. "Yes." Please review! jellybean-kitty Some Questions Answered Maria watched the world go by in a blur as she was carried into the nearest hospital. The blood she had lost and the trauma of the situation were catching up on her as she swayed on the verge of consciousness. She was vaguely aware of her father"s arms picking her up from the car, which would explain her sensation of weightlessness. She felt herself being set down on a soft chair and Danny sat beside her and sat swaying slightly, unable to control her body due to the dizziness that was sweeping over her. A doctor appeared before her, looking at a clipboard. "Maria Grace Yuy? Correct?" "Yuh-huh," She replied. "I hardly use my middle name. I don"t know why. It"s nice!" "I see you had a little accident-" "Little my ass!" She shrieked. "My goddamn finger was cut off!" "Maria, take it easy," Danny said soothingly. She huffed angrily and looked at the doctor"s name tag. "I"m sorry Doctor....Burns, please, continue." Burns cleared his throat. "Well, I think we"ll be able to sew it back on-" "With a needle?" "A surgical needle, but yes. We"ll need to hurry though. You"ve also lost a lot of blood. Do you feel nauseous at all, or light headed?" Maria tittered. "Uhuh. Like I"m wasted but without the alcohol. I like it." "I see." He said and wrote something down on his board. "Wotcha writing, Doc?" "What you"re saying. Do you have the finger with you?" She nodded vigorously which caused her to almost fall off her chair but Danny steadied her. "It"s in here." She held out her closed fist. Burns pried it open and removed the finger which was inside. He studied it closely, making more notes on his board. "Odd..." "What"s odd?" Danny asked. "This looks like it"s been done by a professional...it"s so neat. A clean cut. How did you say it happened?" Heero appeared behind her. "A kitchen accident. She was using a knife and her hand slipped." Burns frowned and looked at the wound again. "Maria?" "What he said," She pointed as Heero. He frowned again but said nothing more on the subject. "Why don"t we get you a bed, now. Then we can fix your mishap." Sure thing." Once again she felt a pair of strong arms lift her and followed Burns until he led them into an empty room. She was placed on the bed gently. A nursed came in with a drip filled with blood and attached it to a vein in Maria"s arm. She watched it in fascination as it trickled into her body. "Maria?" A voice called out. "Maria!" She turned away from the drip and looked at the doctor. "Hey, where"s my dad? And Danny?" "I asked them to leave for just now. Until we"ve got that finger back on and you"ve rested for a bit, I don"t think you should see anyone." He took a needle from a tray in front of him. It looked uncannily like the one Lowe used, Maria noticed. There were all sorts of tools there: scalpels, scissors. Then she spotted a knife which resembled the one that had removed her finger, almost down to a tee. Before she knew what was had come over her she was screaming at the top of her lungs. Burns tried to calm her down but she was twisting and writhing so violently he had to call for more doctors. "Don"t take my other one!" She screamed. "Please don"t take it!" Heero rushed in. "What"s wrong with her? What did you do?" He asked Burns angrily. "I don"t know! She was looking at my tool tray and then she started going wild!" Heero stroked his daughter"s hair as she felt a needle being inserted into her arm. All at once she felt at peace and stopped screaming. Burns and Heero swapped glances and the doctor swallowed nervously, unnerved by Heero"s warning glares. He cleared his throat again. "If you"ll just step outside I can begin." He waited until Heero shifted, closing the door behind him. "Okay Maria, I"m just going to numb your hand. You won"t be able to feel a thing." She watched as he gave her jags on either side of the where her finger used to be. He then began to rejoin her finger to the rest of her hand. Maria found it so fascinating. A few hours later, Maria was sitting in the hospital bed with Danny, Duo, Heero, Trowa, Quatre and Wufie. Danny was inspecting the stitching in her hand carefully and wiggling it about to see if it would fall off. "Hey!" Maria scolded. "Cut that out!" "Sorry," He grinned sheepishly. "Can you move it on your own yet?" "No," She said. "And I might never have full control over it but at least it"s there and I"m not all disfigured or whatever." She ate a chocolate from a tray which her had been bought for her. "By the way, you never told me how we escaped?" "It was pretty easy," Duo began. "You see, Lowe had a problem with being too cocky. See, he figured that we"d be powerless to do anything so he didn"t exactly have tight security. I mean he must have only had like, what, thirty men or something? I mean that kind of arrogance is just ridiculous." "This coming from you?" Quatre said. Duo grinned charmingly. "See, I have a reason to be." "Okay so minimum security. Got it. But how did we actually escape?" Maria pressed. Duo began to explain again but Trowa interrupted. "Once Danny had got out, we got onto the roof and abseiled down the side so we were at the window. We waited until we were all in position and then-" "BANG! BANG!" Duo interrupted. Trowa looked at Duo witheringly. "May I remind you, Duo, that you didn"t actually fire any weapons at all?" He continued on with his story. "We took out his men and getting you out was pretty easy since Lowe hadn"t considered for one moment to guard any entrances and the rest of his entourage were coming in to fight us off." Maria frowned. "But Lowe still knew you were there before even I did." Quatre shifted. "I had hacked into his security so I could keep an eye on his cameras but it seems he had a protection programme that alerted him if there have been unwanted visitors within the system." "Well, that pretty much explains everything," She looked slyly at Heero. "Except what happened to Lowe." "It doesn"t matter," He said quickly. "He isn"t going to bother us anymore." "It matters to me..." Maria quietly said. Suddenly a burly, busty, black nurse, who Maria considered a big bit on the plump side, came bursting into the room, clapping her tinted hands as she went. "Alright. Visiting hours are over. Miss Yuy needs her rest." She said as she cleared the room. "My, my. All men? You are one lucky lady, Miss." She put her hands on her hips as she watched them all leave. "Mmmhmmm. Very lucky." "My father, my friends and.....I guess they"re like my uncles," Maria explained, not knowing whether or not she was heard. The nurse seemed none the wiser as she bustled about the room readjusting this and fixing that back into place. "I"ll be back with your dinner in no time. You must be starved!" She said after taking Maria"s temperature and heart rate. Before leaving she added: "My name is Nurse Jenny. But everyone calls me Mama." I can see why, thought Maria. A few minutes later, Mama came back with a plate of hot food and set it in front of Maria. She picked up the fork, scooped a bit of the mince and potatoes and stuck it into her mouth. She chewed for a while, then grimaced and spat it out into the bin next to her bed. "Ewwww!" She said. "What"s wrong, child?" Asked Mama. Maria pouted. "I hate hospital food." Heero sat in the driver"s seat of his car in the company of Duo and Danny. He was concentrating hard on the roads and not even attempting to join in on their inane conversation. Like father, like son. "So, Heero. What exactly did you do to Lowe?" Duo ventured. "I killed him," Heero simply replied. "But, how?" Heero sighed impatiently. "Come on. I want to know the details," "I don"t actually remember. I started punching him and I spaced out. When I stopped myself I guess I"d gone too far." "What do you mean?" "I mean you"d need dental records to identify him." Danny laughed, thinking this was a joke. "Uh kiddo, he ain"t fooling," His father said. Danny stopped abruptly. "You mean, you liked, battered him to death?" Heero shrugged nonchalantly. "He deserved it." "Well, yeah, but...ouch." "Must have hurt, huh?" Duo asked. "I hope so. He screamed a lot." Duo nodded, a little impressed whereas Danny said nothing more. Heero turned the steering wheel sharply up their drive way. "You"re here." "Well," Duo said climbing out. "It was good to work with ya again. We need to do it again sometime." As soon as the car door was shut, Heero sped off. Sorry about the Scooby Doo likeness of this chapter but some things needed explaining lol. Please review! Jellybean-kitty Mommy"s Back "It feels good to be back, huh?" Asked Maria, as she met Danny at the school cafeteria for lunch. "Well, yeah cause we have been gone for a long time," Danny replied sarcastically. "You know what I mean!" She smiled widely. "It feels good to be back to normal." "I guess. Or as normal as can be. Are things okay with your dad, then?" Her smile widened. "Couldn"t be better. We"re picking up my mom tonight. She"s coming back." Danny grabbed for her injured finger. "Does she know about this?" "Oww," Maria yelled. "Danny it"s still sore." He let go of it with a slight smirk on his face and she rubbed it tenderly. "And kind of. She knows about it but doesn"t know about it." "So how did it happen then?" "Jammed in my car door," She said with air quotes. "Which reminds me. I"ve almost finished driver"s ed," she continued in a sing song voice Danny faked a shocked expression. "Really? Wow. It only took you, like, half a year!" "What"s wrong with that?" "It"s a twelve week course." Maria ignored him and concentrated on her salad, picking daintily at the leaves of lettuce and slices of tomato. Danny, on the other hand, bit into his burger like it was going out of fashion. He chewed loudly and Maria looked at him in disapproval. "What?" He asked "Nothing, I just can"t stop staring at the poor half mangled cow that"s in your mouth." "Oh. Okay." He swallowed and took another huge bite. "That is so gross," She quickly finished off her salad and stood up. "I"ll see you later since, I, Maria May Yuy, have been appointed president of the Prom Committee and there is a meeting of said Committee in five minutes." "Congratulations?" Danny tried. "Well, whatever. Make sure it"s a good one, okay?" "Daniel! I"m surprised at you!" She tossed her hair over her shoulder. "With me in charge how could it possibly go wrong?" She leaned down and whispered in his ear. "And if the time comes to nominate girls for prom queen, who have you to say?" Danny rolled his eyes. "You." "Thanks. I"ll love you for it." Maria stood up and gathered her papers into a neat pile before addressing the whole committee. "I propose that this year we should forget our normal Ballroom theme and move onto something a little more today." She saw some people give her questioning looks and she smiled confidently. "When I say today I mean modern music, MTV style. Ballroom was great twenty years ago but today it"s a big no-no. So anyone who disagrees with me, raise your hand now." She scanned the room and glowered at the one person who started to oppose her until the poor girl quickly decided against it. "So, we"re all agreed. Modern it is! I guarantee this is going to be the best prom ever!" She beamed as she got a little applause from her audience of twenty. The bell then rang to begin their next class and so they disbanded after everyone was assigned specific duties Maria had decided upon. She loved being in charge. Heero watched the roads carefully while Maria, who sat in the front seat next to him, fiddled with the radio until she found a station she liked. He watched her out of the corner of his eye as they stopped at traffic lights. She was now playing with the air conditioning, adjusting it, sitting back then readjusting it. Then she rolled down her window, stuck her head out and let the air from passing cars blow into her hair. Heero heard car horns from behind him and realised the light was green again. He pressed down on the accelerator and drove on. "Daddy," Maria said eventually in a girlish voice. "I need to ask you for something." Heero sighed. "What is it and how much will it cost me?" It was funny how a few weeks ago she absolutely despised him and now she was back to being his little girl. "It"s a prom dress. I want a really nice one that no one else will have." She made her biggest eyes at him. "I want it custom made so it"s special." "How much?" "Maybe around a three thousand dollars?" Heero looked at her in shock. "What?" "Please, Daddy?" She clasped her hands together. "I won"t enjoy myself unless I know there"s no chance of anyone turning up in the same outfit." Her voice turned serious. "Do you know how humiliating that will be?" "That"s a lot of money for a dress you"ll only wear once, honey," Heero said. She pouted. "But Daddeeeeeeee. Come on. I totally deserve it!" "Define how you deserve it." "Well, I"m head of committee, I"m totally getting top grades in all my classes and I, you know, got my finger hacked off by your arch nemesis." She cast him a sly look. "And I"m not even telling mom." "He wasn"t really my arch nemesis..." "Pleeease?" Heero let out a deep sigh, knowing he was defeated. "I"ll see what I can do." "I love you, Daddy." She said and kissed him on the cheek. Me or my wallet, thought Heero. An hour later Maria and Heero waited in the airport for Relena"s plane to land. They both stared up at the arrival screen like it would disappear at any moment. Why Relena had chosen to go on a commercial flight rather than a private was beyond them. Maria tapped her foot impatiently and stuck a piece of gum in her mouth. Heero could hear her huffing and puffing. He knew she didn"t like to be kept waiting. He wondered what version of his daughter he preferred: the spoiled daddy"s girl or the rebellious I-hate-you-so-much. The latter was at least cheaper. "Oh-oh!" Maria squealed. "It"s landed!" Heero looked up and saw that his daughter was right. Her smile was so wide; he thought it might burst from all the excitement. He let himself smile a little bit. He was happy to see him wife again and not just on a computer screen or television or newspaper. He hadn"t seen her in the flesh for so long. He had missed the feeling of her cool, pale and always soft skin against his. He"d missed begin able to kiss her anytime, anyplace. He missed her. Maria pointed excitedly. "There she is!" Relena had appeared in a black suit with had been tailored to fit her slender body perfectly. Her long, blonde hair shone brightly as it swept around in its low ponytail. If Heero hadn"t known any better he would have thought it was Maria up there. Relena smiled happily when she saw her family standing there to greet her. She walked towards them gracefully, her bodyguards-who also carried her luggage- kept a step behind. She was well aware of the murmurs from people as the recognised who she was. Maria ran up and through her arms around her mother, breathing in the clean scent she always remembered as a child: a mixture of talcum powder and perfume. She felt her loving arms wrap around her and held on tighter, afraid that if she let go she"d lose Relena again. Heero kissed Relena softly and could hear the clicks of camera"s and see the flash of bulbs from ghost photographers who somehow knew Relena would be here. He always wondered how they found out. "I"ve missed you both so much," Relena said with tears in her eyes. "Mom, I"ve missed you too." Heero looked around him. "I think we should head off now." He took Relena"s bags from the bodyguards and led the way to the parked car while Relena and Maria babbled insistently behind him. There were somethings that never change, such as Maria and Relena"s bond that seemed to never break no matter how long they"ve been away from each other. He let his mind wonder if it would be that same for him if he went away. When he came back, would he be treated like a stranger? It was the fact Relena had never been like that which had brought him out of his stoicness all those years ago. "So," Relena said Maria when they were back home. "Tell me everything you"ve been up to." Maria looked at Heero like they shared a huge secret. "Well, you know me. Same old same old." Relena put her hand on Heero"s knee. "And what about you?" "Nothing new." "Oh my. You two are boring!" She exclaimed. "I thought I"d come back here to lots of juicy gossip." "Actually," Maria said thoughtfully, "My prom is coming up." "Have you found your dress?" "Not yet. I want it made specifically for me, though." Relena smiled in reminisce. "I remember my first school ball. That"s were me and your father shared our first dance." She chuckled to herself. "I remember it all too well. The dress I had got was an original, too." She placed a finger on her chin. "In fact, I think the company who made it is still in business." She looked at Maria. "Oh, they are so beautiful. I"ll take you there on Saturday and we can see what you think." "That sounds great," Maria gushed. "I also have a running for prom queen so I have to make sure I"m in a dress no one else will have." "Can you imagine, Heero?" Relena sighed happily. "Our little Maria as prom queen." "Hn." "Anyway, how was your campaign?" Maria asked. Relena waved her hand. "Tiring yet successful. I was able to reach out to the deprived colonies and gain their support. I"m just glad to be back. I thought after the Eve Wars, I would never be in another spacecraft again-oops!" She put her hand over her mouth like that would erase the slip of the tongue.