"Squall!?" Zell was panicking. Squall was moving toward the Sorceress, his gunblade was lax in his hand, too lax for him to be walking near an enemy. "Firaga." A tornado of flame rage across the room and hit the Sorceress head on. A tall figure delivered a hard punch on the brunette"s stomach knocking the boy out on the spot. Seifer sighed at the limp figure in his arm then at the enraged Sorceress who had pull up her defence in the last second with a wall of ice. Edea always loves Ice spells, the reason why she had Shiva for the longest time before she give it to Squall the day she was completely taken over by Ultimecia. "You!? How dare you interferes!?" The Sorceress hissed like a piss off viper when she finally taken a good look who had thrown the fire spell at her. Seifer merely arch an eyebrow at her anger, like he had done anything else in his life that made anyone who wouldn"t get angry at him. "Yeah, me, don"t you miss me...my dear, dear...Edea..." Seifer answer with a sing song voice. Even he nearly slipped in calling the Sorceress- Ultimecia. Zell scramble to catch the unconscious brunette when the taller blond threw the other at him. Seifer pull himself to his full high which Zell will never admit it even to the end of his days that, Seifer always scare him especially when he"s all serious and menacing like a deadly predator going head on with a venomous viper. "...Foolish...foolish Knight...I will remember this... "The Sorceress hissed with venom as she slowly back through the portal she created and disappeared in a swirl of pink lights. To go against a full fledge Mage that could use master level magik was not something she would do with no back up...for now she will let them be but when they meet again she will make sure that bothersome White Knight won"t be in the picture any longer. Watching the Sorceress disappeared with an expressionless face, Seifer hard press to stop the relief sigh that escape his lips. He really didn"t look forward to fight Edea, not for who she was more than in the state he was in now, he don"t think he could win the battle without some heavy consequences. The firga spell threw the Sorceress off into thinking he had mastered his magik but in truth, he barely have any spell more than level seven. His fire spell had always been the strongest even if he input the same amount of energy into any other type of spell due to his natural affiliation with the element his fire spell will literally explode anything they came in contact with if he pour enough magik to back up the spell. The blond turn and look at the rag-tag group of green mercenary and nearly groan at how disorganize they were. He glared back at the young woman who was throwing daggers at him since he knocked the puberty boy out. "You know her." It was not a question but a statement. Quistis nearly yelled at the top of her lung. "You knew the Sorceress!" The former instructor was confused and the feeling of helplessness did not do her well. In the state her mind was now she could only take out her frustration on the only one who seems to know what was going on. Had the world gone mad now? Or was she having a very bad dream? You know who she is as well as I. Seifer wanted to say but he couldn"t, not when he disrupted the things that should have been more than he should have already. "Seifer? Is that you?" Rinoa finally speak up from where she was hiding behind the group during the confrontation. The blond strike her with uncannily familiarity when he first appear rushing pass her to stop Squall from following that weird woman but as she keep on watching him...Seifer? Was he the same boy she had been with a few years back, in the darken streets of Galbaldia when she had first run away from her family? "Hello to you too Rinoa, but this really isn"t the time for chit-chat. The army is coming and I don"t like to be thrown into jail and then be executed for not only attacking Deling but also attacking the Sorceress." Seifer ignore the gawking faces around him, he bend down and roughly push the chicken wuss aside and threw the unconscious Squall over his shoulder like a sag of potato and head toward the back entrance and away from the soldiers that was moving toward them. He paused by the door and glance back at the group that was merely gaping at him but still stuck to their spot. "You guys coming or you would prefer to get caught?" Like fire spell that had been light at their behind, the group chase after the blond who had a limp form drape over his shoulder and disappeared into the crowd of chaos that Timber had become. The board is set and the game begin...only this time the White Knight was settle with no rule... He was dreaming... flowing in and out as faces he felt he should know but couldn"t place a name on blurring in the corner of his eyes... "Wake up...my dear Knight..." The voice of a stranger...even in the depth of his mind claimed that he knew her. "Wake up...my dear Knight..." He stirred but refuse to wake. "Wake up...my Squall..." "There"s no one the Turks couldn"t "wipe out"." The man once told him with expressionless face and cold eyes. The blond threw his head back and laughed slapping his hand on the man"s shoulder and pull the stiff sorry bastard into the warm musky smell bar that they pass by. "Calm down Vincent. I"ll buy you a drink." And that too was all in the wash up past that shouldn"t be... Seifer open his eyes and glance around the compartment they had claimed for the night as the train take them to the nearest Garden. A plan of action he had sworn up and down being a very bad idea but Quistis, her stiff by the book or you failed attitude was really getting to him. The blond rose from his spot by the door, a place he claimed, and a thought out action he always uses. The entrance truly was the only place in this compartment that will grant him a fighting chance if they were under attack... But from the vibes he got from the still sleeping group, it look like Ellone had caught up with them...but the Dream Sorceress" power couldn"t detect him... not when he"s not where he suppose to be and who he suppose to be. On the other end of the compartment Rinoa woke up groggily and slowly crawl over the sleeping Selphie to reach for the blond she knew. .. "Seifer? How are you? Why didn"t you return any of my calls?" The dark hair girl pouted and only got a side way glance from the blond man that didn"t seem so arrogant as he was years ago but somehow darker...more calm...yet it only make him more dangerous to Rinoa who was always attracted to dangerous man. "Away, tell me Rinoa, are you still the stuck up spoil princess that demand the world revolve around your little fingers like a well trained dog?" Seifer sneered. He really was in no mood to deal with a current Sorceress wannabe- and he had any say in it, Rinoa wouldn"t be getting Sorceress power any time soon. He pet absent mindly on Angelo who sat obediently by his heel and expose its throat for more petting. Angelo trust Seifer with blinding loyalty, for it, Seifer was the first image it saw when it open it"s eyes so therefore the tall man was Angelo"s "mother". He had let Angelo stay with Rinoa when they part ways couple years ago as a good willed gesture although he had never intended to train Angelo as a combat canine. "Mooh, you"re always so mean, Seifer. I did grow up." The girl pouted but stopped herself from getting too close from the look she"s getting from the blond. "Rinoa...I really don"t want to kill you so please, stay out of my way from now on." Seifer said in a flat tone, a type of voice that didn"t held any emotion yet anyone could tell he"s dead serious about his threat. Rinoa back off. She might not be with Seifer for that long but she knew enough that right now the blond"s patience was at its end and he was as calm as a volcano that was about to erupt with barest hint of provocation. She did not know what"s had happen to the other when they part ways before but right now, her curiosity was peak as ever. If she got her way, her old flame will not just be her old flame when the ordeal"s over. Irvine shook the sleep out of his head. He"s having weird dreams again...well not so much as dreams than memories of the things that had long pass. Only tonight he really thought he had return to the orphanage and hanging out with a bossy blond boy who have a quiet brunette trailing after him every where he went... He hadn"t dreamt of his childhood friends for a long time now especially when he had a few practise sessions with Guardian Forces... but this dream... "Hye, Irvy, will you stop being such a slowpoke and get a move on! We won"t wait for you forever! Come on! We need to get going!" The dream Seifer had gesture him to come with Squally beside him twisting his hand in the blond"s orange shirt and holding the stuff toy Ellie give him in another. "Wait up! Where are we going?" He heard his child self asked when he reached the two. "To defeat our enemies!" The blond hair boy said with a huge grin taking a hold of Squally"s hand in one and his in another the two could only run along with the older boy before they were force to trip on their own feet. "We"ll be Knights and protect Matron together! No one hurt our families!" He heard Seifer exclaimed in a loud voice and he couldn"t help but felt the warmth that despite being unwanted by rest of the world, there"s someone that still consider them to be family. He caught the eyes of the smaller brunette and there"s something he couldn"t describe in those smoky blue eyes when Squally watch Seifer laughing as he pull them into a run through the meadow. Not knowing what else to do, Irvine laughed along with the blond and with a smiling brunette beside them... His dream ended with him shot up from his cot in cold sweat. That"s something else in his dream, like an ominous foreboding that made him feel like a little kid again fearing what"s hiding underneath his bed. He shook his head and flopped back into his flat pillow and let his eyes close into a rest. He"ll deal with it when it comes...for now, just let him have a good rest then maybe...maybe when he"s head"s cleared he"ll know why in the world do he have this dream memory of someone he had not think about for couple of years now... An absent minded thought drift through but sleep had claim him before he could grasp it and by tomorrow morning he would not have remember it again. ...The look in Squally"s eyes was very similar of the look of totally infatuation... "God damn you! Hojo! He"s just a kid!" The wutaian man spare the raging soldier a glance through the corner of his glasses. He could not stand unwanted noises in his work area while he"s doing one of his experiments. "Seifer, if you continue on I"m going to toss you out of my lab." The slender smaller man said in a blank monotone. The taller blond"s glowing mako eyes stared almost sadly at the man he could no longer recognize. "...What happen to you? He"s your son isn"t he? Why are you doing this to him?" "He was born for the solo purpose of bringing back Jenova." Seifer could not believe what he"s hearing right now. Jenova The piece of mummified alien that Shinra dug out of the North Crater was the reason why Hojo ruin all of their lives for? First Lucrecia, then Vincent... "...Will I be next?" The question that slip out of Seifer"s lips finally make Hojo look up from where he was tapping away on the computer and meet the other man face to face first time since the blond step into the room. "You"re already an experiment." Wake up Sunshine 03 "...You seem to know awful "lot of people, Seifer." Quistis came up to the blond man who was looking out of the balcony of the meeting. Debriefing with Headmaster Martin was over and they were only cleaning up the last minute paperwork and waiting for the return call from Balamb Garden. It had been a surprise for her when they got out of the wood track and arrived in Galbaldia Garden, she was first to talk to the Guards to let them know who they were and hopefully the other Garden would at least let them stay the night before they head back to Balamb. She wasn"t prepare when the two Guards that was blocking the entrance to salute to the blond man that was trailing behind the group. And from the look of it, she wasn"t the only one. Seifer merely nodded and wave his hand and tell the Guards to let them through and told them to let Martin know he"ll be waiting in the master debrief. The way the two scramble to follow his order, it was almost like he held more authority over the Galbaldia Garden than the Headmaster himself. "With the right connection, it"s very easy to know people." Seifer didn"t look at her, he knew what she was hinting but he wasn"t in the mood to deal with this. Martin"s attitude just not half an hour ago had made things more complicated. The older man was giving him uncertain glances every time the blond instructor gave a critical piece of what happen in Timber. How was he going to cover the fact that he is the second in command of the whole Galbaldia country now? Laguna better get his act together soon or else this "Sorceress War" will be out of control to a point he couldn"t do anything to change the outcome... "...Who are you?" Quistis asked as she cross her arms over her chest. She had thought she knew her students but it seem she never really knew him. "I am Seifer Almasy. Nothing more, nothing less." Seifer answered in flat tone. He is who he is, he is Seifer Almasy. The student of Balamb Garden. He is Seifer Almasy, the Second in Command of the Galbaldia Government. He is Seifer Almasy, Soldier First Class Soldier of Shinra. He is Seifer Almasy, the Knight that should have long dead instead of thrown back into a world he could no longer relate to... Quistis was interrupted by the incoming call from Balamb the whole room fell silent after they heard their newest mission. "Are they nuts?" Zell asked drily as he nervously pulled on his fighting gloves. Selphie was silent and Quistis had taken her glasses off and rub the bridge of her nose. Squall who had yet to say anything since they got off the train was staring at Seifer. And the say blond himself merely close his eyes and sighed. To assassinate the Sorceress...what kind of chance would they have to complete such impossible mission? Looked like there"s no escaping this... "Headmaster Martin, could you lend us a sniper." Seifer open his eyes and turn toward the older looking man. Martin nodded, he wasn"t about to disobey the blond"s order. He had seen first hand what kind of destruction the other could do...just say that those that had been at the last Parliament General Meeting had the first taste of strength from the Envoy of Esthar. "Stay for the night, I insist, rest up and restore your strength, I"ll get everything ready for your departure tomorrow morning." Seifer gave the man a thank you nod. A rest sound like a dream right now, when was the last time he had a decent night of sleep? Too long he believes... The room was draped with heavy silence since the brunette had step in, Seifer"s brows furrowed into a tight knot and he rub his face with gloveless hand. "Look, Squally, I"m tired, pissed off and I am not in the mood to have a starring contest with you." Seifer spoke as if toward a five year old child. To him, right now at this particular point of time, Squall Leonhart, the Squall Leonhart who was staring at him with sullen eyes was nothing but a child. "How "bout you walk out of my room and back to yours so we could get a decent rest before we need to go in four hours?" "...What more have you being keeping to yourself?" Squall finally spoke when the blond was about to physically removing him from his room. "..." Seifer"s eyes narrowed, making his already narrowed eyes into mere slits. Squall didn"t ignore the fact that in the dim light, those green eyes had an eerie shone to them. It was one of the many changes Seifer bear after he disappeared before the SeeD exam and appear out of no where to help them at Timber. What more could he be hiding? What else was going to pop up and show him just how much he didn"t know about the only one in his life that had always been there? "I have no idea what you mean? Keeping what?" Squall tightened his hand into a fist making the leather protest at his harsh treatments. "Don"t lie. I know you enough to know you"re hiding something." The younger boy growled angrily at how the blond was side stepping his questions. Seifer throw his head back and let out a harsh barked laugh. "Squally, Squally-boy, you really have no idea what"s going on... everything in this whole damn world is a lie...get use to it, for the whole lot of us have no where to go other than being in the center of this deception..." Seifer half drag half carried the brunette until he"s out of the door. "Good night, Leonhart, may the "Lion" be with you." May Griever find you and keep you...May the Dark Lion choose to help you instead of "her"... OH...how much more could have gone wrong now? Squall blinked in confusion at the door that had close shut at his face...the parting smirk the blond gave him up settling him more than his words... What in the world is going on now? He felt as if he had never really known his rival at all the years they were together... Or have he ever know the real Seifer Almasy at all? Squall frown as he stomp back toward the room that was assign to him. Those dreams he had...why did it unsettle him like this? ...He did not dream the Seifer before him was not the same one that he grew up with- "...Do I have parents?" The pale hair teen asked for the first time in years as he laid on the cold rocky ground miles away from the soldiers" camp as the last and strongest troop deploy from Shinra in it"s war against wutai. The only man who could answer him was silent not because he did not know the answer but he could not and would not tell the teen who could have been his son all the pain he had suffer through till now was by the hand of the man that had sire him. Nor could he tell the boy his own mother had abandon him to this fate without even looking back when she step through the door of the manor in that back water town two days after he was born. Sephiroth closed his eyes as he felt the older blond sat next to him, leather gloved hand running through his pale silvery hair in a calming manner, like every time he was resting after Hojo was done with him. Seifer would not tell him. "Did you know what was going to happen before all this?" Quistis asked the only one in the whole group that was unaffected by the Sorceress" attack. The teen- no, the man merely arched an eyebrow and slung the brunette"s frame over his shoulder. Not caring that all the other was wounded either slightly or seriously. The worst out of them was Rinoa, who had been hit by icicles through her shoulder and stomach. Thinking back Quistis could see all the things Seifer told her to do could have prevented the failed mission but how she was to know? She"s the Instructor, the only experienced SeeD out of the group and Seifer didn"t even pass the Exam! He"s just a Cadet! Why would she listen to him at all!? But she suppressed the tiny hint of regret into the back of her mind. No, right now it"s more important to find out what else is Seifer hiding from them. "Trepe, I told you to listen to me but did you?" Seifer sneered, he look pass the woman and nodded at Irvine who had rush from his hiding spot to join them. "We"re getting out of here I"m not fighting anyone with Leonhart down for the count and with a bunch of brats on the field." "What about Rinoa?" Quistis asked. "What about Rinoa?" Seifer said in a tight voice. He really didn"t need this right now. "She need medical attention-" Seifer snapped, teeth bared like a piss off tiger that"s about to pounce- "I do not care about the ones who had foolishly endanger other around them- I told her to leave, go back to her father where she will be the pampered princess she had been acting like. Instead she forced her way to go with us when we"re risking our lives to complete this damnable mission for the sake of what? This is no fairy tale, the moment she thought she could play us like fools...she should think before she did what she did. If she doesn"t make it, too bad so sad, I"m not wasting any energy and resources on non combatant that shouldn"t even be here in the first place." Seifer sneered. "We"re mercenary, live weapons the Garden mode us to be. If you want to play house with Rinoa go ahead, just spare me the energy of running Hyperion through both of you." Cruel cutting words made Quistis" face loose what ever color there was. Seifer"s serious, he wasn"t buffing. Not with such look in his eyes. "Do I make myself clear?" Quistis could only stare wide eyed at the man that made her felt like her first years as a Garden Cadet. "Ye...yes..." What had happen to Seifer? This was not the Seifer Almasy she had in her class! Quistis watch the other lead their group waving in and out of the maze like alleyway- How in the world did they come to this?