"That was close," muttered Anime Sonic. "Alright, I"m cured!" stated Evil Sonic in glee, checking his body over. The troop finally snapped out of their shock and ran towards the Sonics, joy written all over their faces. ...Until twin beams of yellow light smote the ground just in front of them, sending them flying. "What was that!" bellowed SatAM Sonic in surprise as he watched Sally, Tails and the others pick themselves off the ground. "Bwa ha ha ha ha ha! Why don"t you look up and see, losers?" Eyes widening in recognition, nearly everybody in the vicinity slowly turned their gaze sky and gasped in shocked horror. Fleetway Sonic was floating above them yet his appearance was drastically altered. His sapphire fur was now glowing an intense yellow colour and some of his spikes pointed upward. The green pupils of his eyes had been replaced with red swirls spiraling into the white depths. His mouth was drawn up in a spiteful grin and the tips of sharp teeth could be seen sticking out of his mouth. "Hey, how did you turn into Super Sonic without any Chaos Emeralds?" queried Sonic X with a mixture of awe and astonishment. ""Chaos Emeralds?' Since when did I need Chaos Emeralds to become superior to everyone around me? All I need is an adequate dosage of Chaos Energy or a bit of stress and, poof, here I am, ready to end your miserable lives!" He flew down to their level and sucker-punched Evil Sonic, sending him reeling into and collapsing onto the other Sonics. "Hey! What are you doing?" demanded SU Sonic as he pushed Evil Sonic"s foot out of his mouth. "What does it look like I"m doing, dimwit?" Fleetway Super Sonic now levitated a foot off the ground. "There can only be one of me, even if the other "me"s are just weaklings in comparison. So I"ll fix that problem right now by simply killing you all!" With that said, he charged. Authoress" Note: You guys are in for a humongous treat this chapter...and Fleetway Super Sonic"s only a part of it! Yeehaw! And on a more sombre note... I think need help in getting back on track with my writing. I wanna be able to publish at least once every two weeks again instead of every month. Any suggestions...please? Chapter 15: Melee Slamming the door of the fortress behind him, Evil Sonic leaned against it, both from panting too hard and in a futile attempt to keep the thing that was chasing him out. Robo-Robotnik looked up from where he had been going over some blueprints in irritation. "What is it?" "(pant, pant) ...Th-thing! Yellow! Red eyes! Psychotic! Help!" Due to his shortness of breath and fear, the malicious hedgehog could only form fragments of sentences. The foreign mad scientist"s eyebrow furrowed. What could possibly scare him so much that he"d say the one four-letter, "h"-word his pride would never allow him to utter? Kablam! As if to answer his unspoken question (and, knowing this universe, it probably did), the door was unexpectedly blasted right off its hinges, making Evil Sonic yelp in surprise as he was carried along by the concrete object"s weight and ended up being crushed into a pancake underneath it a few feet away. "Ah-ha! There you are, Ivo!" As Evil Sonic struggled to re-inflate himself and lift what used to be the door off his back, the dust around the entryway settled, revealing a smiling Fleetway Super Sonic, much to the Eggman"s shock. "What a tough decision... I don"t know whether to kill you or wreck what you built while you watch first!" He looked to his right and Ivo saw his eyes widen then his become bigger. "But first, a bit of remodelling!" He flew off and, one second later, they heard something that sounded like a cross between a whirlwind and a buzz saw coming from just outside the fortress. Only when the buzzing ceased did Robo-Robotnik gather the nerve to creep to the doorway. When he peered out and to the left, his jaw literally dropped straight to the ground. "Nnnoooooo!" AoStH Robotnik"s horrified cry was heard by all who were not deaf within a ten-mile radius of his position. The golden hedgehog had spun around his statue, effectively re-sculpting it into a fine likeness of his blue form, complete with a thumbs-up. "Don"t just stand there!" AoStH Robotnik turned to and shouted angrily at Metal Sonic, Metal Knuckles and Tails Doll. "Get him!" "We"d be keen to do that, doctor," replied Metal Sonic, "but I perceive that the likelihood of us emerging the victors, let alone unscathed, is approximately one in an octillion..." "Aaaahhhhh!" Metal Sonic started, his eyes widening and he flew off. "Oh no! I"m arriving, Breezie!" Metal Knuckles groaned loudly in frustration while he looked to the skies as if imploring for help and took off after the lovesick robot to prevent him from being dismantled. "You let go of me right now or else!" cried Breezie in a miffed tone as Fleetway Super Sonic lifted her up by the collar of her dress. "Yeah, you big bully!" added Robotnik Junior as he heatedly shook a fist at him, helpless to do anything else. "Put her down!" ""Put her down?'" mimicked the shining Sonic malevolently as he noticed the rapidly approaching Metal Sonic. "If you say so!" With that, he hovered down to the android"s level, spun around and threw Breezie forcibly into him, sending them both crashing into Metal Sonic then Metal Knuckles then Tails Doll and, finally, AoStH Robotnik himself, with all of them ending up in a heap. Despite this, Robotnik Junior picked himself up, holding Breezie in his arms, exclaiming, "Hey! We"re okay!" "Which is more than I can say for these four bozos," put in the aqua-coloured hedgehog as she looked down with an almost bored expression at the three dazed robots and struggling human under their combined weight. Coconuts, Scratch and Grounder, who had been cowering behind an embankment, couldn"t help but be impressed... Particularly due to the fact that they didn"t like their ex-master and their replacements. They promptly each held up signs that displayed the numbers "ten,' "eight point seven" and "point six" (the last one was being held upside down). "Yo, Stupid Sonic!" yelled SatAM Sonic cheekily, succeeding in capturing Fleetway Super Sonic"s attention and startling the other good Sonics with his bravado. "I"ll bet you can"t catch me!" Fleetway Super Sonic sneered. "Are you betting your life by any chance? "Cause that"s what you"re about to lose!" He shot downward, hit SatAM Sonic with the force of a bullet train and proceeded to pummel him into the ground with his fists, each blow harder than the last. But he had barely hit him six times when there was a sudden illumination and everyone, including Fleetway Super Sonic, found themselves blown three meters away from SatAM Sonic. When the light had died down just enough for them to see what was going on, they uncovered their eyes...and beheld a stunningly miraculous sight. There, hovering where SatAM Sonic was, was another Super Sonic, yet different from the other one; a genuine smile was on his face and his eyes had visible red irises. His grin becoming wider at the sight of Fleetway Super Sonic"s face, he merely spoke one thing. "Gotcha." "Ladies and gentlemen, fans of all ages, turn on your video recorders, get out the popcorn and place all of your bets on who you"ll think will come out the winner "cause this is one brawl you"ll probably never ever see again!" As one, the Omochao started to act like commentators and the fans did exactly what they suggested with some interspersed cheering and whooping. "Okay, can somebody explain to me just what happened that made SatAM Sonic able to transform into Super Sonic when he"s stressed?" enquired Tiffany to no-one in particular out loud. "Easy," said Irene, her face buried in a novel. "Do you remember when SatAM Sonic and Sally used the Deep Power Stones to destroy Doomsday ("Doomsday")?" "Yeah." "An unforeseen effect was that, afterwards, every time Sonic becomes stressed, critically injured or exposed to huge amounts of Chaos Energy, he transforms into Super Sonic. Luckily for the Freedom Fighters (and possibly Ixis Naugus), however, he is not at all evil." "Ohhhh," articulated Tiffany in comprehension. A moment later, her eyes enlarged; a thought had occurred to her. "Hey, wait a second, does that mean S...?" "Are they capable of killing?" interrupted Lance. "This is the Sonicverse of Jocularity after all." "It"s hard but it"s not impossible," affirmed Flynn. "Many times, JocuSonic and his pals are threatened with death. And a few robots have been permanently destroyed before, like the Music Destroyer ("Sonic"s Song")." "We"ll just have to wait and see,' wrote Mavis. Fleetway Super Sonic was livid. How dare one of those weaklings make himself resemble him even more so! "Why you...! That"s it! I"m really gonna make you suffer!" He punched SatAM Super Sonic but all that did was force him away a few feet. SatAM Super Sonic did nothing but smirk. "You"ll have to do much better than that. Now bring it on!" "You"ve got it, twit!" Without delay, they were at each others" throats. And they were moving so fast, it was pointless for the others to try and see what they were doing exactly. From one point to another, they zoomed about exchanging and dodging blows and, at the same time, inadvertently decimating the new factories and warehouses, much to Robo-Robotnik"s chagrin, of course. "Aaargh! Those rodents are ruining everything!" yelled Robo-Robotnik in frustration with his fists balled up as he stood in the doorway, surveying the destruction. "At this rate, they"ll come after us when they"re done in two minutes!" "All is not lost, father," stated Mecha calmly, looking over his shoulder. "We can simply move on to another parallel universe and take the newly Roboticized Mobians and most of the other robots with us." "What!" shouted Robo-Robotnik in confused annoyance. "Let me explain, father; our increased numbers will make it easier to conquer the next one while we leave some troops behind to hold ground. By the time we"re done with the other dimensions, our forces shall have enough strength to overpower this world"s Freedom Fighters." "Hmmm..." murmured Robo-Robotnik, placing his non-existent chin in the palm of one of his hands. "...You"re right, M. We shall make preparations at once to depart!" He marched back inside and barked, "ADAM! Power up the teleportation devices! We"re leaving for this world...!" Meanwhile, as you probably might have guessed, Fleetway Super Sonic and SatAM Super Sonic were still combating, neither gaining nor losing ground to the other. After a while, they both ended up on the ground, pushing against each others" hands with their own. "Is this the best you can do, tall, bright and handsome?" joked SatAM Super Sonic cockily. "No. This is, you soft-hearted, namby-pamby, good-for-nothing!" Fleetway Super Sonic retaliated. He instantly threw a sucker punch at his rival which sent SatAM Super Sonic crashing headlong into the wall of an adjacent warehouse. SatAM Super Sonic"s head emerged from the rubble inside the warehouse...and saw Sally and Professors Von Schlemmer and Caninestein staring at him, armed with weapons that resembled the Robo-Transmogrifiers, yet were white instead of grey. And standing beside them were a group of confused Mobians, all wondering how they had gotten there. Before he could ask them what they were doing (although he had a pretty good idea), Fleetway Super Sonic came barrelling through the new gap...and spotted the Mobians. "Oh ho! More victims!" he stated gleefully and zoomed toward them. "Oh no, you don"t!" SatAM Super Sonic slammed into the demented being with all his might, forcing the both of them away from the panicky Mobians and into the shaft of a descending stairwell. They actually rolled down the stairs for a couple of seconds until they managed to hover upright again. Fleetway Super Sonic subsequently kicked SatAM Super Sonic down the stairs and out of sight. "Ha ha ha! This is fun!" he cackled. He followed him to the bottom but saw that he was nowhere in sight in the spacious room. "Alright, you coward," growled Fleetway Super Sonic in frustration. "Come out, come out, wherever you are!" "Hey, you. Look up." He did so and was immediately hit by a spinning SatAM Super Sonic. They both crashed downwards through six floors before the evil hedgehog managed to shove the good hedgehog off of him. "That"s it! I"m gonna tear you apart once and for all!" "I don"t wanna hurt you too badly, bud, but I guess I have no choice." And so the two hedgehogs continued to fight...completely unaware of a third person in the gymnasium-sized room, lurking in the shadows. A certain individual clothed in purple regarded them. She picked up what appeared to be two Power Rings the size of hula hoops, both connected to ropes of energy that went through a hole in the wall, and gracefully tossed them towards the duelling Super hedgehogs. "I apologize most sincerely should this hurt you, Sonics," she said. SatAM Super Sonic and Fleetway Super Sonic had only a few seconds to register the fact that two gigantic golden rings had been flipped onto their bodies and squeezed around them before pain equivalent to that of receiving an electric shock coursed through their bodies. A "Gah!" escaped the Super Sonics" lips but only for a moment; they refused to acknowledge to each other that they were in pain as they struggled to free themselves from the constricting objects. Through the haze of pain, both hedgehogs managed to look down and laid their eyes on a peculiar figure: a female person that was most definitely a human; they could see white skin but no fur. She was clothed in a long-sleeved shirt and pair of pants, both of which were purple, loose-fitting and separated by a large sky blue satin ribbon wrapped around her waist. A pair of brown boots made of cloth adorned her feet while a hat that vaguely resembled a tuque with a violet, wrinkled top and sky blue rim sat atop her head, completely obscuring her hair from sight. Weirdly enough, she was faintly hunched over and had her hands firmly clasped over her ears. The sky blue cloth that was covering her mouth was moving slightly but rapidly and her eyes were squeezed shut. Six more excruciating seconds passed and the rings and the chains of energy suddenly disintegrated. The now azure hedgehogs dropped to the floor in a heap. Seconds later, the other noble Sonics came. "Hey, are you guys alright?" asked Sonic X concernedly as he bent over them. "Yeah..." mumbled Fleetway Sonic while he and SatAM Sonic stood up. "But did I hurt anyone?" "Nah..." AoStH Sonic casually said then he grinned. "...except for my world"s Robuttnik and the three copybots. ...Wait a sec, you don"t remember?" "No... I can never recall what I did as Super Sonic. We"re practically two different people." "But I can. Hey, you!" SatAM Sonic pointed dramatically at the person who had just caused him and Fleetway Sonic so much pain. "What was the big idea?" "This was," she answered quietly and punched a large claret button on the wall behind her. Disintegrating before their very eyes, the wall uncovered behind it a humongous black egg the size of an eight-story building that was shaking tremendously. The Sonics simply did nothing but stare at the gigantic object with gaping mouths. "Sheesh, just when you think Eggman can"t get any more obsessed with eggs..." muttered SEGA Sonic out loud. "I"m afraid," interrupted the young woman who was leaning against the wall, making the hedgehogs temporarily look at her, "that that is not the case." A sharp crack brought back their attention to the ovular item and they immediately saw that deep fissures were beginning to spread across the surface, several red glows shining from them. "Now why am I getting a very bad feeling about this?" said SU Sonic sarcastically. At almost that exact millisecond, the crimson light grew more intense and the room became quite a bit hotter. Boom! With a bang to make the ground shake, the shell exploded outward into a trillion pieces, raining the Sonics with fine dust. The hedgehogs closed and covered their eyes to avoid getting blinded by the ever brighter ruby luminosity that flashed but for a few seconds then faded away to a dull glow. Figuring it was safe to do so, the insectivores opened their eyelids and lowered their hands - and met with an incredible sight. Standing where the egg was, was a colossal red bird with orange vertical highlights on its abdomen. Atop its head could be seen a crest of six maroon feathers arranged in two rows of three, the tips coming down to the top of its folded wings, the tips of them in turn reaching the base of five tail feathers. The beak was gold and shaped like a starling"s long bill, though its feet were accipitrine - like a predatory bird"s. But it was the softly glowing, yellow eyes with no visible pupils that were spine-chilling; especially since they gave the impression that it was forever glaring. "Wwooowwwww." "Ooooohh." "Coo-hoo-hoo-hool!" Nearly every Sonic Fan who was witnessing the events was struck by awe at the appearance of such a beautiful creature and, thus, could not help but articulate on the bird"s splendour. All Chao however were, much to the humans" ignorance, staring in stark shock at the being on the screens, eyes wide and jaws nearly touching the floor. They stayed like that for a few minutes then huddled together in little groups, whispering something fervently. "I take it that"s the reason, then: that huge cardinal." The three Chao nodded vigorously at Shin Sonic. "Okay then. Here we go!" He grabbed a nearby cable, disconnected it and leapt off the girder, swinging in an arc towards his target. His partner neatly somersaulted onto his back but the bird hardly noticed; he was free at last! He gazed downward and saw the eight similar hedgehogs staring at him; he glared right back. Then, as one, they spun and tried to ram into him. Pitiful weaklings, he thought. He threw his head back then forward just as quickly, releasing a stream of fire from his beak which enveloped the hedgehogs. They instantaneously dropped to the ground on their feet, their spines ablaze. Panicking, they each tried various methods to put out the fire. He felt another weight join the one already present on his back. Peering around, he saw his associate staring at another blue hedgehog, who was accompanied by...by...by... (here, his glare intensified)...three hateful, worldly Heralds. He quickly tilted his head back and subsequently snapped it forward, releasing a searing blast of fire once again. His colleague ducked (not that it would have harmed her) while the azure hedgehog and the Heralds, not prepared for that attack, were blasted backwards right through the wall! His fire breath instantaneously ceased. He hoped the Heralds had gotten incinerated. He didn"t care whether or not the cobalt hedgehog was dead; he was just collateral damage after all. Looking upward, he saw the ceiling a few meters away from his head. Above that by several floors, he knew, was the sky. He folded his wings tightly against his body, bent his legs and launched himself skyward, spinning and smashing through the multiple ceilings like an immense, red drill until he crashed through the roof and could see the clouds and the sun. As he stopped spinning, a fairly familiar voice from the other end of the field of wrecked factories and warehouses (thanks to his superb hearing) prompted him to turn his superior eyesight in that direction. There, he could see two robots, a puppet and... ...him. Everybody gasped as the bird let out a screech, this time of anger, and suddenly burst into flames. Nevertheless, the redness of the fire could not compare with its eyes, which were now a deep blood red. It looked at AoStH Robotnik again and, with a mighty flapping of its wings, took off after him. The minute that thing looked at him, AoStH Robotnik knew he was in ever so much trouble. "Oh no... You three," he said to Metal Sonic, Metal Knuckles and Tails Doll "divert that bird"s attention!" He made a break for it. Without hesitation, the three automatons took to the air, ready to defend their master. Yet they were no match for the bird, who simply swiped at them with a talon, instantly reducing them to a pile of nuts, bolts and (in Tails Doll"s case) cotton. AoStH Robotnik kept on running (which was, for him, a considerable feat) "til that thing flew in front of him. It backed up then proceeded to dive-bomb AoStH Robotnik. Paralyzed with fear at this point, AoStH Robotnik gulped and closed his eyes. It seemed this was the end for him. And he didn"t even get to take back his fortress or defeat that meddling hedgehog! A sound like a squeal of braking tires prompted him to reopen his eyes...which were met with a frightful sight. The bird was crouching over him, its beak so close, he could feel its very hot breath. The flames surrounding its body had died down somewhat and there was a look of confusion in its orange eyes. If AoStH Robotnik could summon the courage to look down, he would have seen the deep, short grooves in the dirt right behind the bird"s feet.