It barely had time to take off into the air again before Taiga dived back under and headed straight towards the shore of the human settlement. Furious wouldn"t even describe what he was feeling at the moment in the least. Lava bubbled up from the pit of his stomach, threatening to erupt in one terrible explosion at the slightest push. Taiga had been holding himself back all this while because Tetsuya was seemingly doing fine by himself. He monitored his condition through his seagull friend whom he"d asked to report to him if anything were to happen in return for a month"s supply of good fish. He"d also found out about the group of humans who liked to harm Tetsuya that way. Taiga knew his actions were akin to spying, but with Tetsuya unwilling to tell him a thing, he had no choice. Taiga came to a stop a little away from the scene; his hands shaking, his breathing coming out in uneven breaths at his attempt to control himself. He hated these humans. Loathed them. How dare they hurt Tetsuya? How dare they make him go through that again? He wanted to hurl himself at them, to tear them apart and feed their insides to the eyeless creatures of the deep sea. He wanted to rend, to rage, to stain his own two hands with their blood and serve as a living reminder to anyone who dared mess with Tetsuya that this was what"s going to happen if they went too far. But the merfolk had one strict rule above all, and that was to never, ever, harm humans. Taiga was taught that bloodshed would only lead to bloodshed, and his people could not afford to make the human race their enemy. They were to continue staying in hiding while living as a myth to the two-legged people on land and nothing more. Do not involve yourself with the humans. Do not hurt them and they will not hurt you. Taiga placed his fingers to his lips, and blew; a long, sharp whistle unheard to those illiterate to the language of the sea. And as he waited, he watched. He watched with increasing frustration and helplessness as Tetsuya struggled for breath, struggled to break free, struggled to keep himself from going insane with fear. Taiga clenched his fists, his fingernails digging deep enough into the flesh of his palms to draw blood. He couldn"t betray his people any more than he can betray Tetsuya, but he couldn"t just sit tight and watch while he waited for reinforcements to come. Not ever. Not after what Tetsuya had been through and was going through again. He"d promised himself that he"d never let him go through that again, never let him fear the sea again. Taiga was about to make a decision that could"ve made both Tetsuya and his people hit him for being a rash idiot when he felt something brushing against his arm. He turned, and felt a grin making its way to his lips despite the circumstances. "Hey, thanks for coming." ... Tetsuya couldn"t see, couldn"t breathe. Couldn"t breathe. He couldn"t breathe. The memories he"d worked so hard to bury in the depths of his mind and forget in order to continue his life on the sea came flooding back in an instant, numbing his senses, freezing his limbs. He held his breath as long as he could, tried to inhale when he was pulled back from the water for those split seconds. His heartbeat was almost loud enough to drown out the sound of the waves, the gleeful laughter. The terrified screaming. Wait. The screaming? "-ark!" Abruptly, Tetsuya felt the iron grips around him let go. He straightened at once and sputtered seawater from his nose and mouth, breathing heavily. He turned around as he willed his legs to keep holding him upright, the sight of four figures running off at full speed back towards land catching his attention. What did they scream before they fled? Ark? Shark. The part of his mind that miraculously still worked told him that was pure nonsense. There was no way a shark would swim to such shallow waters. They must"ve made a mistake. Tetsuya was completely convinced that they were just high with the excitement of the moment to think there was actually a shark heading towards them until he noticed the dorsal fin. Tetsuya felt his heart stop beating for a moment. He wasn"t bleeding anywhere, was he? Standing very still, his eyes followed the fin that cut smoothly through the water and circled around him. Had scabs formed on the cuts on his arms? Was it going to eat him here and now? He nearly jumped out of his skin when he felt something touching the back of his leg, flinching so hard that he was sure the shark would"ve bitten him already. "It"s okay! He doesn"t feel like eating anytime soon." Amazing how Tetsuya felt himself relax the moment he heard the familiar, comforting voice. He looked down, and Taiga waved at him from below the waves, a triumphant smile on his face. "How did you know?" Tetsuya asked rather than thanking him, much to Taiga"s chagrin. The latter decided he was stupid to have expected to be thanked in the first place, and shrugged. "I had a friend keep an eye on you," he said, ignoring the look Tetsuya shot him after registering his words. "You can"t expect me to sit back and do nothing when you"re clearly in trouble." "What if someone sees you?" Tetsuya shot back, and Taiga noticed he was still very careful not to make any sudden movements because of the shark encircling them as if being on guard. "Relax - I"ve got that covered," Taiga dismissed carelessly, swimming to join the shark. He petted the giant fish affectionately. "That aside, why don"t you say hi to this big guy?" Tetsuya had no idea what made him comply. He looked the shark in the eye, and greeted him in his usual polite way. "Good evening." "Ohh, you can speak the language of the sea?" A gravelly sort of voice echoed in the back of his mind, similar to how Taiga"s would when they conversed. The shark sounded fascinated, though his black eyes remained blank as canvas. "Apparently," Tetsuya replied, feeling the tension in his body tentatively ebbing away. "Thank you so much for helping me." "I just scared them," the shark said modestly. "Besides, Taiga"s the one you should be thanking." Tetsuya honestly preferred not to give the merman anymore encouragement to come to his aid under such risky circumstances, but courtesy compelled him to express his gratitude anyway. "Thank you very much, Taiga-kun," he said, albeit a little too stiffly. "But please don"t do this again." "Do what?" Taiga returned innocently, and Tetsuya sighed. This was probably going to be a problem in the future. Taiga must"ve seen the look on his face because he barked out a laugh, earning him weird stares from his two companions. "I don"t think I"ll need to save you again from those fish-crap, if that"s what you"re thinking," he said wanly, the amused smile not leaving his lips. "Heck, I doubt they"ll even dare come near the sea anymore after today." Tetsuya kept quiet and averted his gaze, and Taiga felt a spark of irritation well up within him. Was this how a guy should react when another person went to such great lengths to help him? Even so, he somehow knew Tetsuya was genuinely grateful; he"s just anxious that he might repeat this reckless feat of his and get endanger himself and the whole merman race in the future. Taiga also guessed it"d take him nothing less than forever to convince the human boy that he really had taken the necessary precautions to avoid being spotted, so he didn"t bother. "You know what? Fine," Taiga sighed wearily, willing his annoyance to subside. "I promise I won"t do this again. I won"t swim near here ever again." Tetsuya glanced back at him, and Taiga experienced one of those rare moments where he could actually figure out what the former was thinking by his expressions. "I didn"t say anything about the rock formation though," he added before Tetsuya could start speaking, and grinned when he saw how he visibly relaxed. "I apologize if I sounded harsh just now," Tetsuya told him, and Taiga merely dismissed it with a shake of his head. "And thank you so much, Taiga-kun." "No problem," Taiga replied, then made a shooing motion with his hand. "Now go home before you catch one of those colds you once told me about." Tetsuya nodded. "Be careful on the way home too, Taiga-kun." Once Tetsuya had disappeared from his view, Taiga cursed himself for being too late. Because he once again saw fear in Tetsuya"s eyes as he stood in the water to speak with him. Tetsuya was afraid of the sea all over again. Taiga stared at the can of.. something Tetsuya was holding out to him. "Excuse me for asking," Taiga cleared his throat before looking up to stare pointedly at the boy. "But what the hell is this supposed to be?" "A token of my gratitude," Tetsuya answered with an impossibly straight face, meeting his gaze with those blank eyes of his. "For saving me the other day." "And..?" Taiga prompted because he obviously needed a longer explanation than that. Tetsuya turned the can in his hands and studied the label, his expression unchanging. "It"s fish food." "I"m sorry - what?" Taiga was almost - almost expecting Tetsuya to crack up at his own joke. Unfortunately, he did not. "Isn"t that what you humans feed to the poor souls you keep in those glass boxes in your homes?" "As a matter of fact, yes." "And may I remind you that I"m a wild merman and not a pet fish?" Taiga crossed his arms and gave him a judging look. "I am not eating that." Tetsuya actually dared - dared to look downcast. "But I went all the way to get you this." "Oh, no. You"re not going to guilt me. No way." Taiga willed himself to look away to avoid his so-called maternal instincts from taking over at the sight of Tetsuya looking so dejected. "I even got you the premium brand," Tetsuya sulked softly, and despite everything, Taiga found him incredibly childish yet annoyingly adorable. It wasn"t everyday he got to see this side of Tetsuya, and perhaps it was because of this that he felt his resolve crumbling and getting carried off by the breeze. Just a bite, he swore to himself. "Okay, okay, I get it." Taiga scratched the back of his neck and reached for the can with his free hand. "Thanks for the meal." He picked a piece out of the mush with his fingers and lifted it to his mouth, aware that Tetsuya was watching him with unusually keen interest. Frankly, he"d expected it to taste like his father"s homemade pickled seaweed (which is to say, bad) but since it didn"t trigger his gag reflexes, he guessed it wasn"t so bad. It"s edible, to the very least. "A little too salty for my tastes, but it"s surprisingly okay?" Taiga mused while he chewed. "What is this stuff made of, anyway?" "I think it"ll be better for you not to know, Taiga-kun," Tetsuya told him, and Taiga wisely decided to let the topic go. He finished the rest of the fish food in a couple of large gulps and handed the empty can back to Tetsuya to dispose of it properly later when he got home. As the latter moved to set it properly aside so it wouldn"t get carried into the sea by the waves, Taiga made himself comfortable by resting his head on his crossed legs, staring at the skies above. "So," Taiga started after a short stretch of silence between him and his companion. "Are those asshats still bothering you?" "Hmm, not really," Tetsuya replied, absently poking Taiga"s cheeks with his finger. Taiga tried to swat his hand away, but he was persistent, and the redhead soon gave up. "Rather, they have this flicker of fear in their faces whenever they look at me now." "Because you survived a shark attack?" Taiga chuckled, and Tetsuya shrugged, an equally amused smile on his face. "Perhaps," he said before turning sober once more. "But really. How is it that you managed to stay unseen despite your size?" He asked this because Taiga was a full-grown, buff, two-meter long merman with blood red hair and a bright red tail that were bound to make him stand out in the colors of the ocean. "Well.. I might or might not have learnt how to blend with the waves some time ago," Taiga said, attempting to be bashful but failing by the second. "Rather, it"s a sort of skill all merfolk have to learn in case of emergencies." "I see." Tetsuya moved his fingers over the little cluster of scales just above Taiga"s cheekbones. Other than his tail and sharp teeth, what made the redhead distinctly a merman were the random patches of luminescent scales he had all over his human half and the gills -barely visible when he"s not in the water- on the sides of his neck. Tetsuya particularly liked the feel of his smooth scales on his fingertips; why so, he did not know. "It"s going to rain tomorrow," Taiga said a little while later, his attention fixed at the sky. Tetsuya looked up as well, and raised an eyebrow at the lack of clouds. "How can you tell?" he asked. Taiga"s gaze flickered towards him, his features set in a queer look. "It"s the sea," he answered in a tone that suggested Tetsuya should"ve known that already. "She sounds different tonight." Tetsuya decided not to doubt him any further. "Is it going to be a storm?" "Not a huge one." Taiga shifted into a more comfortable position. "But it"ll be long. We probably won"t be able to meet at all." "You don"t sound too happy," Tetsuya pointed out, the faintest trace of a smile on his lips. "You think you"re going to miss me?" "Who knows?" Taiga responded mischievously. "I just might." "It"s only for a day, Taiga-kun. I won"t be going anywhere." "I know." Taiga opened his mouth to say more, but paused at the last moment, hesitating. The next thing he was about to blurt out was a little embarrassing, he had to admit. He thought it"d be best for him not to voice it out lest Tetsuya teases him about him for the rest of his life. "Don"t you have any friends down there?" Tetsuya"s inquiry tugged Taiga out of his reverie, and the latter refocused his attention to his companion. "Not many, but yes," Taiga told him, curious. "Why?" "Just asking." Tetsuya shrugged, and Taiga couldn"t help but feel there was something more to that. "Do they know about you coming here?" "Only one guy, actually." Taiga knitted his eyebrows slightly. "He"s the only one I can trust. I"m not that close to the rest of them so they probably won"t notice if I"m gone." "What about your parents?" Tetsuya asked further, remembering his own parents who"d utterly freak out if he didn"t get home by the time he said he"d get home even though they let him go out into the sea alone. He noticed the change in Taiga"s gaze when he voiced his question. "They"re in another town," Taiga said, his tone tinged with wistfulness. "I live by myself right now." "It must be lonely," Tetsuya sympathized, running his fingers through the merman"s red locks. Taiga shook his head, unperturbed by the way the boy"s fingers tugged at his hair. "They left quite recently so it"s really not that bad," he said, then broke into an honest smile. "Besides, I"ve got you and your dad to keep me company now." "That"s not enough and you know it," Tetsuya told him dryly. "It"s plenty enough to me," Taiga said, reaching to brush a lock of Tetsuya"s soft, blue hair behind his ear. "Being able to see you is more than enough." "I see,' Tetsuya said, then gently eased the merman off his legs, ignoring the numbness that soon followed. "That"s good to hear." "You going to go now?" Taiga inquired as Tetsuya struggled to stand up without his legs giving way. Tetsuya nodded, bunching parts of his shorts to wring them dry. Taiga didn"t bother pointing out that he was a little early that night. "Well, okay. Be careful on your way home." "You too, Taiga-kun. Good night." With small wave, Tetsuya turned around, and started making his way home. Taiga too, dove into the sea and began his journey back. Neither of them noticed how red the other"s face was when they looked away. "Hey, Ryouta? Can I ask you something?" The said person turned to face Taiga, eyebrows raised. Ryouta was a merman with short blonde hair and a golden tail and was gorgeous even in merfolk standards. Now that Taiga thought of it, it did seem a little odd that someone as popular and attractive as Ryouta to hang out with someone as painfully normal as him. Though attractive as he was, Ryouta could, at times, be quite annoying because he got excited easily and was able to blabber on about something for hours on end. It irked Taiga that he was the only person he trusted enough to confide in about the matter. "Hmm? What is it?" Ryouta tilted his head in question. Taiga scratched the back of his neck and hesitated to continue because really, the topic will be embarrassing as hell especially when he practically already knew how the blond was going to react. "H-How does - umm-" Taiga"s stammering alone was enough to make him feel mortified. He clenched his fists, and willed himself to man the heck up. He wasn"t some sort of girly maiden for Pete"s sake! "How does falling in love feel like?" The way Ryouta"s features lighted up the second the words left his lips made Taiga immediately regret ever being born. "Taigacchi"s thinks he"s in love?" he muses excitedly and Taiga was just a step away from burying himself into the sand and staying there till he became a fossil. "Oh, my god! Who"s the lucky girl?" "Just answer the question," Taiga grumbled with his arms crossed, hating himself already for the way his cheeks were burning right then. Ryouta outright refused to do so and instead indulged himself in his fanboying a minute longer, rolling around in the water while fantasizing about the redhead"s potential mate. Taiga was just about to decide on punching him and swimming off when he finally calmed down and apologized playfully. "Okay, okay, I"m sorryyyy!" he said, then cleared his throat to regain his composure. "Let"s see - how does it feel like to be in love, right?" Wordlessly, Taiga nodded, still willing the bloodrush in his face to fade. He figured the blond should know about things like this since he was so into those cheesy romance novels and comics. Ryouta was quiet in thought for a few seconds, a look of deep concentration on his face. Taiga also sometimes marveled at how different of a person Ryouta would seem to be when he was serious. Maybe that"s why so many mermaids had a crush on him. "Hmm I guess it all starts with you suddenly noticing a lot of things about that person?" Ryouta started, crossing his arms. "Even the littlest things like a certain detail in their features or some quirks you never knew they had before. Oh, and of course there"s the way your heart will beat strangely when you see them and you"ll feel very bothered for no apparent reason." "Will I have this fierce need to protect them?" Taiga muttered without realizing it. Fortunately for him, Ryouta did not take it upon himself to tease him. He could tell that Taiga really was putting a lot of thought into this. "Yeah," he affirmed cheerfully. "And you"ll also feel that you must make sure they"re always happy no matter what happens." "I..see,' Taiga trailed off, and Ryouta failed to refrain the smile from creeping to his face at the sight of him. "Sooo can I know who"s the one now?" He swam closer to his companion and prodded, nudging his side with his elbow. "Is it the mermaid near the coral reef who always brings you the anemones? Or is it the one living near your place who has a garden of cucumbers?" "No, not them," Taiga denied absently, looking oddly panicky as if coming to a very bad realization. His eyes darted around for a few moments before settling once more on the blond, and Ryouta did not need to be an expert to know that he was truly dismayed by what he had just came to comprehend. "What should I do?" "What do you mean?" Ryouta asked, beginning to feel nervous himself. He already had a very vague idea of what Taiga was going to say next. He watched in increasing anxiety as Taiga raked his fingers roughly through his hair, looking utterly at loss. "I think.." His voice was soft as a whisper when he spoke again, a contrast to his usually obscenely loud tone. "I think I might be falling for a human." Ryouta sucked in a breath, his heart skipping a beat at the drop of the bombshell. He had expected this somewhat, but he was still pretty taken aback. He already had the feeling a while ago that what Taiga felt towards the human boy whom he"s so attracted so was not mere maternal instinct; not with the way the former"s eyes sparkled whenever he mentioned him and the way he perked up with excitement when it was time for him to slip out to meet him. Not with how he was willing to endanger both himself and the whole species by meeting him. "What should I do?" Taiga muttered again, and Ryouta honestly had no idea how to answer. Common sense told him that falling in love with a human is the worst thing that could happen to a member of the merfolk. Yet, Ryouta could not bring himself to tell his friend to give it up, nor did he have the heart to give him false hopes by telling him to go on with it and deal with things one at the time. He had seen enough to know that despite how many people romanticize it, love cannot conquer all. Taiga had gotten himself into a incredibly difficult situation, and Ryouta did not know how to pull him out of it without hurting him.