dominated by a huge desk. Behind the desk, an old man in purple robes looked out a window while sunlight streamed in. "Master, he is fully awake and without haze." "Why have you brought him here?" "I found him in the Acre market, rambling about some girl." "Ah. He was dressed oddly, yes?" "Yes, sir. He closely resembled the last subject we brought from there, so I brought him here." I spoke up: "The last subject... What did she look like?" The sentry that had lead me here looked to his master, who nodded. "It was a young girl, about your age. She was dressed scantily, and had...hair as blue as an azure sky. We brought her here after watching her wander the streets for some time." "You took Rei! I knew it! You bastards! Give her back!" The master nodded to his subject, who grabbed me as in the market, and I felt something threaten to stab my side again. I quickly stopped yelling, and cast my eyes down. The master approached, bent down, and took my face in his hand, pulling it up to bring my eyes to his. "You have quite a nerve, boy. What is your name?" "Shinji. Shinji Ikari." "I see. And you know this other odd person we took in?" "Rei Ayanami. I came here to save her!" "That is why you were in Acre? When do you come from?" "The twentieth century. Why?" "Exactly as she said. Well, boy. We do have this Rei of yours. She is making a rather...exotic addition to our harem. But no doubt you experienced it first hand?" "That wasn"t a dream... Rei told me you"d let us go if I did what you said. What do you want?" "Such disrespect! You speak to the Master of the Hashashin, cur!" "The Hashashin? But you guys were... Assassins." "That is what the Christians call us, yes." "What do you want, then?" "We want you to us a service in exchange for the return of your woman." "She"s not my woman... I think." "Nevertheless, you care enough for her to do us a simple service, yes?" "Yes, but what is it?" "You, my friend, will assassinate King Richard I." "What?" I was told the specifics of my mission: Richard I was to make a visit to Acre to witness the implementation of Christianity in the region. I would wait for the king to pass by during a royal parade, then approach and kill him as he rode slowly on his horse. I was given everything I needed: A small knife, a sword, throwing knives, and the rest of the outfit my sentry wore. For about a week, I was trained by the Hashashin for the task, dawn to dusk. I knew I couldn"t refuse; I wanted Ayanami back more than anything. One day, while training with my mentor, Altaïr Ibn La-Ahad, I asked him about my upcoming mission. "Altaïr, I"ve got a question." "What is it, Shinji?" "You know I"m from the future, right?" "That is what I"ve been told." "Well, if I kill King Richard I, won"t it change the future?" "I have read about such things, Shinji. The theory we accept states that nothing will change, because in your time period, you have already either succeeded or failed." "So, everything will be the same as when I left?" "It more means that everything was the way it was because of what you did now." "You"re saying there is nothing to gain by not killing him?" "Shinji, if you do this, the Master has ways of taking you back to your time period." "And if I do not succeed?" "History will not change, but you will die and Rei will become a permanent addition to the harem." "What"s the harem for?" "When we take in a new Assassin, they are drugged and put into a garden, where the harem will fulfill his sexual desires. It"s a way of keeping people from turning us down. Surely you experienced this?" "Something like it, but it was just a blur." "You saw her, though?" "Yes, but she didn"t do what the other girls did." "They are always hesitant at first, but she will soon adjust." "You mean..." "I"m sorry, but yes." It was then, mind racked with the horrible thoughts of Rei being used by drug-crazed men, that I made up my mind. I was not going to fail. Author"s Note: For those of you who haven"t played Assassin"s Creed TM, just keep trying. I hope it"s not too confusing. Either way, let me know what you think so far! I lay in bed one night, after yet more training with Altaïr, thinking about the mission. I was about to fall asleep, but felt an odd presence in the room. "Altaïr?" He emerged from the shadows. "I fear I may have taught you too much... What do you need?" "I have a question." "Again? What is it?" "Why me? Why am I going to kill Richard?" "You are still young. No one would suspect a child. It is thought of as...less than noble." "Oh. Have you assassinated anyone?" "Yes. I assassinated nine prominent warmongers, to quiet the crusades." "My history books said you didn"t change much..." "Well, I tried." "Just one more thing..." "What?" "It"s about Rei." "I had the pleasure of talking with her earlier. I can see why you love her, Shinji." "But...even if I succeed, when I come back here, will she still feel the same?" "How do you mean?" "If I take too long, and she...gives herself...to the initiates, will she still want to come back with me?" "Hard to tell, Shinji. We don"t take in that many, especially now. There aren"t that many targets these days. I think I can make a deal to keep her safe. I"ll let you know tomorrow." "But tomorrow"s when I leave for the mission!" "You"ll leave in the evening, I"ll find out by then. For now, just get some sleep." "Ok..." I slept soundly that night, tired from training. I now knew all I needed to do my job. I knew how to approach the target, how to kill while keeping a low profile, and how to take to the rooftops. I knew the King would be in Acre, and I knew the Hashashin safe house"s location where I could wait for the search to be called off. All the pieces were in place. That morning, Altaïr woke me, and lead me to the Master"s desk in the library. The Master was at the window once again. Altaïr had told me that birds brought him messages through the window, and he was always waiting for news from the outside. "Master, I"ve brought Shinji to you as requested. He is trained and ready." "Very good, Altaïr. I will handle it from here. You may return to your business." "Yes, Master." Altaïr left swiftly, dropping over the side of the mezzanine. "Now, Shinji. You are almost ready to go. Is there anything else you need?" "I don"t think so..." "Something to eat, maybe?" "No... But, can I see Rei one last time before I go?" "It is not policy to let them leave the garden." "But... I don"t have to kill Richard for you. I could kill myself, and then what would you do?" The Master gave Shinji a dire look, then smiled. "You still have that gall; not bad, boy. Bring her over!" Rei was brought over by two other Hashashin. She wore the same clothes as the other girls, and looked beautiful, though out of place. "Rei!" She looked up to Shinji, then down again, tears coming to her eyes. "Shinji, I... I"m sorry. I didn"t know what they"d make you do!" "I"m going to do it, Rei. I"m going to get you back!" "Thank you." "Did...did Altaïr talk to you, Rei?" "In fact he did," said the Master, walking between the two. "Altaïr made a deal to take Rei as his own, in return for finding me fifty more initiates." "He...He lied?" I was ready to burst with rage; the man I trusted took Rei away from me! I looked over to Rei, who seemed to be trying to get my eye-contact. She nodded, and gave me a wink. After some thinking, I realized what was going on. Altaïr was keeping Rei safe until I could get back. "Altaïr, you son of a bitch. You had me going for a second there." "What was that, boy?" "Huh? Oh, nothing. I"m ready to go, Master." "Even though you know she has given herself up to another?" "This is about my devotion to the order, Master." "Very good, Shinji." As I left the library for the stables, Altaïr intercepted me. We walked together through the town, heading down the slope towards the gates. "Shinji, I hope I didn"t worry you." "That was low, Altaïr." "It had to convince the Master that I was serious. Anything less would be suspicious." "But wait, can"t I just take Rei now and leave?" "You could, but where would you go? You need the Master"s power to return." "I understand. What now?" "Take a horse from the stables, and ride to Acre, following the signposts. Ride slowly when passing by guards, and blend in with scholars and monks to pass through checkpoints. Kill Richard, then immediately take to the rooftops. Good luck, Shinji." "Thank you, Altaïr." "Ride swiftly. I promise to keep my hands off of Rei." I put up my hood, and took a horse. Riding through the night helped me to avoid most guard patrols, but there was still danger. I was stopped by a strange knight coming around a thin ridge. He was dressed in white and red, and bore a black cross on his tunic. I tried to remember what Altaïr had told me about different types of knights. A red and white outfit, a black cross... It was a knight Hospitlar! My mentor"s words rang through my head as the knight told me to dismount: "The Hospitlar are not well trained in battle, but be wary. If they see the Hashashin cloak, they will attack. Remember your combat pattern. The knight took one look at my outfit, and drew his sword. I did the same, and prepared to fight. I spoke my training out loud while performing the actions. "Wait for their strike..." The knight raised his sword for a downward strike. "Parry inward..." I redirected the strike, bringing the knight in closer. "Pull up the helmet and..." The blade strapped to my left wrist sprang open, and shot out into the opening at the knight"s neck. I quickly pulled the helmet back down to block the torrent that followed my blade"s withdrawal. As the knight crumpled, I remounted my horse, and rode towards the city gate as the sun rose. I fought back tears of sympathy for the knight; I could"ve probably run, but I needed to get Rei back as soon as possible. I regained my composure as I passed through the gate and into the marketplace, where merchants were just setting up for the day. I dismounted, and walked around, looking for someone to get information from, but everyone seemed to ignore me. Just as I started to despair, a familiar voice called out: "You sir! Come here! I have many things for sale! I"ve many things! ... Too many things! I have too many things!" It was the merchant I had come to before. I knew I wasn"t supposed to make contact with anyone during a mission, but I needed information. I approached him, and removed my hood. He instantly recognized me, and called me over. "It"s you! I never thought I"d see you again!" "Well, I thought the same..." "So, did you find your friend?" "I did, but I need your help." "What can I do for you, sir?" "I need to know where King Richard is going to be parading today." "He"ll be over by the Acre Cathedral. ... Put your hood on, sir!" "What?" "The guards are going by, and if you"re going to approach Richard close enough to make the kill, you"ll need to be anonymous." "You"re...you"re with us?" "Ten years so far, Intelligence Division." "Wow. I"m...sorry." "Anyway, head for the tallest spire in the city, over that way. Wait outside the Cathedral, and make your move when the time is right. Good luck, sir." "It"s Shinji, brother." "Brother... No agent has called me brother in years." I left the merchant, and headed through the city for Acre Cathedral. All around, signs announced Richard"s arrival in the city. Getting to the cathedral grounds, I took a seat on the bench, and waited for the spectacle to begin, looking around and planning my escape. The crowd thickened as the time drew near. The king would exit the cathedral in a few minutes, and begin his parade over to the town gate. The King on his horse would be guarded in front and in back by a battalion of knights, but his sides would be vulnerable. I would be able to get within six feet before people took notice, but that was good enough. The crowd formed a line as the guards instructed, and the parade started. The first half of the king"s guard came out of the church"s gates, followed by the man himself. I began to make my way through the crowd, gently pushing people out of the way until I was at the front of the cheering mass. The King and his steed were just about to pass when someone came out of the crowd on the other side, approaching Richard. He wore a knight"s uniform, and kneeled out of respect. Richard motioned, and the whole parade stopped instantly. The crowd fell silent, and the knight spoke up. "My king, I bring urgent news from the battlefield." "General, this is a peaceful visit on the behalf of religion, not military. How dare you interrupt!" "But, my liege, we are being defeated! We need this battalion of soldiers, or we will surely fail!" "Take him away." Two guards in front of the King"s horse restrained the General, and took him aside. The Field Marshall at the front was just preparing the guard to march when I approached. Richard yelled as I left the crowd, heading for him. "What now!? What business do you have with me?" I did not stop, and broke into a fevered stride as the guard tried to move to protect him. I leapt into the air as Altaïr had taught me, and extended the blade on my left wrist as I stabbed into his throat. The guard and the crowd fell totally silent and froze in place. Time seemed to slow down as I pulled out a feather and pulled it through the wound on his neck. No words came from him, but I felt the need to explain myself before the guards came to his aid. "I"m sorry." The guards soon shook themselves of the shock, and ran at me. I bolted back the way I had came, pushing through the crowd as fast as I could. Once out of the seething mass, I sprinted for a nearby building. Jumping onto a crate, then up to a balcony, then using mislaid bricks to climb onto the roof. The guards were slow to follow, most unable to even make the climb. I ran across the rooftop, and jumped over the narrow gaps between the city buildings. Running across the city roofs, I made it back to the main gate. Dropping down into a cart full of straw, I called out to my merchant friend. "Hey! Hey! Brother! It"s Shinji! Get over here!" "My friend! What are you doing in a cart of straw? Come out, you are safe with me!" The undercover Hashashin agent brought me over to his stall, where he gave me a large cloak to cover my uniform. I slipped out of the gate, and took a horse from the merchant"s stable. I rode at full gallop back to the fortress at Masyaf, where the other Assassins greeted him with great joy. Pushing past them, I made a beeline for the Master"s library. Once inside, Altaïr took me to see the Master. The Master was overjoyed to see the feather with Richard"s blood, and Altaïr came clean about his plan. "Master, will you send this boy home now?" "Yes, I believe it is the least I can do." "Then I have something to ask of you, Master." "What is it Altaïr? I suppose I owe you something for training the boy." "I want to give him his woman back, and ask that you send them both home." "Eh? You don"t want her? Are you right in the head, Altaïr?" "It was my plan from the start, Master. I wanted to keep her pure for when they returned." "Very well. Bring her in!" Rei was brought in by an escort, who let her go at the Master"s command. Rei ran to my side, and hugged me tightly, burying her face in my cloak. "It"s alright, Rei. We"re going home now." "I know, I"m just ... so sorry. I made you kill that person." "It was worth it, Rei. Let"s just go home. We"re ready now, Master." "You call no one master, Shinji. Now, just take a deep breath, hold your woman tight, and open this box." He placed a small box on his desk, and unlocked it. I said goodbye to Altaïr, and held Rei close with my right hand. I opened the box, and the two of us looked down into it. A small silver vessel sat inside, which started to glow as we looked upon it. We suddenly felt pressure all around us, and we took a deep breath as the air liquefied and we felt ourselves being sucked through a small passage, much like the one we had entered through. My vision started to fade, but I held Rei close, and gave her a wink. She smiled at me as the passage sloped back up, and the water became colder. As my sight totally gave out, we only embraced tighter. After what seemed a few minutes, we surfaced. We were back in the river near Arch Island, and we broke our embrace to swim to shore. I reached the bank first, and turned around in time to see what I had thought of earlier. Rei, back in her tight t-shirt and jean-shorts, emerged from the water, dripping wet. She stood up, and ran into my waiting arms. She looked up at me, and smiled as fully as I had ever seen. I smiled back, and kissed her. Her deep red eyes looked into mine, water and tears of joy moistening them until she closed them, losing herself in the moment. After a minute or so, we parted to a welcome sight: Hikari sat on a rock nearby, pretending to avert her eyes. She saw we were done kissing, and walked over. "Well, you guys ok?" "Yeah," I said. "We"re just fine." "What happened?" "Rei got sucked under, and-" I was going to continue, but Rei cut me off. "Shinji followed me down through a tunnel in the river bottom. We came out on the other side in a different time period, but I was captured by the Assassins. Shinji arrived, but I was put into service in their harem. In order to save me, Shinji was trained for five week to be an Assassin, and killed King Richard I. We were then teleported back here by the Assassin"s Master and his magical silver vessel." Hikari looked at Rei with raised eyebrows, then turned to me. I nodded, and smiled. "Rei, I usually never hear you speak more than five words at a time; now that you do, you"re telling some story about Assassins and harems? You really are a mystery, Rei." Rei merely smiled, and turned back to me. "I believe you, Rei." "And besides," Hikari continued, "You said you were gone for five weeks. It"s been about a minute since you dove down after Rei." "Whatever, Hikari. Let"s just go home, ok?" "That would be nice," Rei said, taking my arm and running over to the boat. "You know what, Hikari," I said, turning to my old friend. "You row yourself back. We"ll swim." Rei and I jumped back into the cool waters, swimming across to the bank and sitting down on the sand. We watched Hikari row across, laughing at her novice rowing technique. I was glad to see Rei laughing for once; it was kind of a fetish of mine. "You look like you"ve got it, Hikari." She was almost halfway to the shore, and was getting the hang of rowing. "We"ll see you up at the house, ok?" Hikari started to cry out to us, using some very strong words, but it was no use; we were long gone. Once back up on the porch, Rei and I finally felt safe. She looked at me, and some tears came. She laid her head on my chest, and repeated her apology. "I"m sorry, Shinji." "At least now you know how much I love you, Rei." "But do you know how much I love you?" She placed another kiss on my lips, and I held her tight. We stayed like this until Hikari"s shouts grew near. We broke our kiss for her, and she ran up to me, winding up for a huge smack aimed at my face. Out of instinct, and as Altaïr had taught me, I reached out and grabbed her arm as it swung, and put my left hand under her neck, only to realize that I no longer possessed my blade. "Umm...Shinji?" "Yes, Hikari?" "Stop being so weird and let me smack you!" "Why?" "Why!? Never mind. I"m going back home; I"ll see you tomorrow?" "Maybe..." "Ok, then. Goodbye, Rei. Oh, and Shinji: remember what I told you before you two went in the river!" "Right." Hikari walked down the gravel path to the street, while Rei and I sat on the porch, drying off in the day"s last sunlight. "Shinji, why did you do it?" "Kill King Richard?" "Yes." "They told me that whatever happened had already happened before I went back, so figured it was what I was supposed to do. Plus, I couldn"t let you be some harem girl; you deserve more than just being someone"s plaything. No one should have to go through that." "Thank you." "You didn"t have to do that, did you?" "No. I told the other girls my story, and they promised to keep me safe from the initiates." "What a relief." "I was also relieved to see you turn down the other girls" advances in the garden." "I did? I don"t remember much." "They tried to remove their clothes, but you pinned them back up; then you covered your lap and said "no" over and over until you passed out. Then the guards took you away." "How about that..." The sun went down, and we stood at the railing of the porch, watching the sun dip below the horizon. It was beautiful; it was as if the sun had saved up all its energy for one last show before night took over. The amber light reflected in Rei"s crimson eyes as she stared off into the distance, then to me. I remembered what Hikari had told me before our ordeal, and decided this was the time. I took her hand, and asked her: "Rei, would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow?" "Yes, that would be nice." She leaned in and gave me one last kiss before going back home, short but intense. She then said goodbye and turned, walking down the steps to the gravel path leading to the street. I stopped her before she could leave, though. "Rei, wait! One more thing. What was staying with Altaïr like?" "It was ... pleasant, but not like being with you. I will see you tomorrow?" "Yes, Rei. That"s a promise." She smiled and turned away, walking up the path back to the street, by which she would no doubt return to the city. I thought to myself as I walked back inside: "At least now Hikari can"t say Rei needs to get out more."