Seekers roared over his head, but they and the Sweeps with them began a running fight with Hound and Seaspray. One Sweep was then shot down from above. It was Blitzwing, arriving on the field. Onslaught wondered why the Metroplex station was still under power. He knew that was the only reason Razorclaw had not formed Predaking. "Vortex! Blast Off! Find out where Metroplex is getting power," ordered Onslaught. The Combaticon duo flew off in different directions. Onslaught held Brawl and Swindle back for the moment. The Seacons were accompanying the Constructicons, Galvatron, Reflector, and Soundwave. They were gingerly getting Trypticon closer to the battlefield. Vortex hovered over the southern edge looking for strange stuff on the ground. He dodged a shot from Warpath. The Autobots had thinned their complement in Metroplex. Rewind and Eject were now at the controls. What was Warpath doing in this spot? Vortex spied a snake on the ground. He zoomed in on it. Sure enough it was a pipeline leading to the south. If that was the case, then the Autobots certainly weren"t defending the whole length of pipe. "Vortex to Onslaught, the Autobots are using some kind of pipe to bring power to Metroplex from the south," said Vortex. "Good work, Vortex. I"m sending Swindle to you. You two will blow the south pipe. Blast Off, Brawl, and I will target the shorter one to the north. Good luck," answered Onslaught. Swindle and some explosives would make short work of that pipe, thought Vortex. Vortex went further south, not noticing that Blaster had figured him out from his place at Metroplex. DECECPTICON CAMP- AUTOBOT CITY Rumble looked at his other guards. There was Frenzy, Slugfest, and Overkill. Not exactly murderer"s row. Galvatron had cleared out as Trypticon was now under way. It was only the tapes. Rumble wondered about the slaughter he was missing. Then he thought he heard a dull roar of engines. No reason for Ramjet to come back here, he thought. Then he heard a crash. Two seconds later he felt a chain around his waist and found himself tossed into a collapsed wall. Frenzy tried to respond, but he found himself under the influence of insufferable music. He tried to cover ears, but when he had done so, he found himself shot for his trouble. The noise also did holy terror to the sensitive instruments of Overkill and Slugfest. They did not need to be shot, they shorted out. The four tapes had been overcome. Jazz emerged from his firefight. That had been too easy. There were complaints to be found for the Autobot. He looked around and found where the other Autobots were being held. "Jazz! Am I glad to see you!" said Goldbug, straining in energy bonds. "Get us out of here!" "One second, little buddy," muttered Jazz as he looked for something to break the bonds. After a minute he gave up and shot Goldbug"s bounds where the hinge was. Around Goldbug were the remaining Technobots. Soon they were free too. "What"s the situation, sir?" asked Scattershot, now ready for action. "Don"t know for sure. Metroplex is being attacked east of here," answered Jazz. "Probabilities suggest that he managed to get as far as the dams around the Catawba River, but not to Fortress Bragg," answered Scattershot. "I can get there quickly, and so can the Aerialbots and Powerglide but the rest of you..." "You will have to. Our main men need backup pronto," said Jazz. Goldbug had gone off to free the others. He now had Pipes, Outback, Powerglide, Hot Spot, Streetwise, First Aid, Groove, Fireflight, Slingshot, and Skydive with him. "Right, Scattershot will take the flyers to the battlefield. The rest will follow the best we can," said Jazz. "What about your ship?" asked Goldbug. "No dice. She did not like the last landing," responded Jazz. The Autobots transformed and took off. METROPLEX- SOUTH OF MAIN BATTLE Swindle planted the charges. Warpath had tried to stop the Combaticon duo, but they were too shifty. Steeljaw and Ramhorn arrived just in time to witness the southern pipeline blow up. Swindle and Vortex withdrew to regroup with Onslaught. METROPLEX- NORTH SIDE OF BATTLE Onslaught was annoyed. Blitzwing had decided to stop them in tank mode from reaching the northern pipeline, which had a more direct connection to Metroplex. Onslaught decided to let Brawl duel with the traitor. He was going to send Blast Off over the top to blow the pipe further up the river. Then they would eliminate their former comrade. Blast Off found himself past Blitzwing easily, but found he was still under fire. Sideswipe had used his backpack to show up and intervene. The Autobot was relentless. Blast Off complained to Onslaught. "I still have an Autobot here, can I get some backup?" asked Blast Off, trying to outpace Sideswipe. "One minute," grumbled Onslaught. He tracked a path to where he could get a clear shot. Then he transformed and fired his back guns at Sideswipe, catching the Autobot unawares and causing him to tumble into the forest. Blast Off now descended and laid explosives on the pipeline. With it ruptured, Metroplex was now on his own power. Fire ceased for a moment on the Predacons. Predaking now formed and moved to where Supatron and Menasor were locked in combat. The Combaticons forced Blitzwing to retreat toward the station and moved to find Swindle and Vortex. They too planned to be heard from. Supatron was in a tugging match with Menasor, but noticed the oncoming Predaking. Before the Predacon giant could lay on a major blow with his sword, Supatron split into his components. Predaking responded by knocking Silverbolt and Air Raid out of the sky and they landed in a heap next to Nosecone. Predaking raised his gun, as Menasor prepared to knock down Strafe and Blades. Nosecone looked at his two companions and waited for the shot. He heard it fire and then... Nothing. Nosecone could still hear the sounds of combat. Predaking"s gun had been forced away by something like a large artillery blast. He looked to see what had happened to Strafe and instead found a very crowded sky. There was another blast from above. It was Scattershot. He landed next to Nosecone and transformed. "You know what we have to do," said Scattershot. Nosecone was not certain who he was talking to. The situation was clear enough. Yet he saw Silverbolt and Air Raid nod and return to the sky. There they joined up with the others to form Superion. The brief career of Supatron was over. "Distract Predaking," answered Nosecone. "That"s right. Jazz is on his way, but it is going to take some time. Lightspeed and Afterburner are with him," said Scattershot. "You"re right. Metroplex can"t use any more power unless there"s an emergency," said Hound arriving with Seaspray and Blitzwing. "When exactly do we decide it"s an emergency?" asked Blades, dropping down in robot mode. "Oh I think we"ll get there pretty quickly," said Hound. "The Combaticons are here somewhere. Add Bruticus to this mess and its lights out for us." "Then we must split up the Combaticons. Strafe, Blitzwing, Powerglide, Blades, and I will put the drop on the Combaticons," said Scattershot. "I guess that means Nosecone, Seaspray, and I will distract Predaking. No easy feat," answered Hound. Predaking turned on Superion, but then he was distracted by something...Defensor! Predaking changed direction to deal with the Combiner, leaving Menasor and Superion to play out their rivalry on this section of the battlefield. Scattershot"s group found the friendly skies less friendly with Thrust and Ramjet amongst them. After a few passes, Blades transformed to robot mode and signaled to Scattershot to leave him. Time was of the essence as the moment that Scattershot feared was almost upon them. Blades took his gun and shot down Ramjet"s rudder, forcing the Decepticon down. Now he landed to take on Ramjet. Thrust landed too. They fired their null rays at Blades, which he deftly avoided before flipping into the air and pulling out his swords. He landed and then swiped at the legs of Thrust, while thrusting the other sword in Ramjet"s knee. Ramjet, now twice wounded, buckled down in pain. Thrust retreated. Blades did not have time to finish Ramjet, he went airborne again, only to find himself the target of the Sweeps. He now tried to run for it in heliocopter mode toward Metroplex. Warpath, not too far away was desperately trying to slow down Swindle. He had seen the reflection of Onslaught"s windshield from farther away and he knew that Bruticus was not good. Blast Off arrived and began trying to drive Warpath off. It was then Blast Off"s turn to seek cover as the flying Autobots with Scattershot opened fire on him and Vortex. Vortex nodded at Blast Off and the two grabbed Swindle suddenly and flew toward Brawl and Onslaught. Scattershot and Powerglide tried to keep up. Strafe fired wildly. Yet there was no chance, as the Combaticons came together and formed Bruticus. "Bruticus crush Autobots!" yelled the Combiner. "Warpath to Blaster. We are out of BLAM options. Bruticus just formed here in the South ZAP. We have no answer for him or Predaking. We have to get what we can out of the "Plex," radioed Warpath. "Ok, if that is what you say. I"ll fire the bad boy up again, but you know what this means..." responded Blaster. "POW! I know, I know," answered Warpath. Noises began to quake near the battlefield. Blaster jumped away from fortress Metroplex. Fighting ceased for the moment as the fortress slowly transformed into the massive city bot that was its true strength. Metroplex lurched up and forward, drawing a gun. "Metroplex heeds the call of the cassette player," answered Metroplex. Now upright, he viewed the battlefield. He raised his gun and fired it at Predaking, catching the Predacon combiner in surprise as he had just turned away from "Defensor.' The blast took Rampage clear off. The second blast broke the Combiner all together. Hound relaxed, but wondered how much power Metroplex had left. Bruticus shot down Powerglide and Blitzwing, and now saw the rising Metroplex. Even one such as he would not be able to battle that Autobot monster. He also found himself as Metroplex"s next target. He executed a barrel roll that sent Scattershot and Strafe scrambling and avoided the blast from Metroplex. Metroplex then released a storm of missiles. Bruticus found safety by dodging, but Menasor, still locked with Superion, could not get out of the way. The Stunticon giant found himself in pieces. With Predacons and Stunticons looking for way out, the battlefield had shifted. The Autobots now only had Bruticus to deal with. Metroplex raised his gun once more and aimed it at the Combaticon combiner. Then he felt a pin prick from somewhere. His eyes found Galvatron in missile launcher form. With Galvatron was Abominus and an unrecognizable form for most Autobots, Piranacon. As the Stunticons retreated, Tentakil changed from being an arm as Piranacon grabbed Drag Strip and placed him in Tentakil"s socket. Tentakil now became a weapon, and Piranacon"s shots forced Metroplex to shield his face. Galvatron motioned for Trypticon to emerge and engage Metroplex. A repaired Devastator also was on the field. Metroplex had little answer for the combined power of Trypticon and Piranacon as they blasted away at him. Superion engaged Abominus. Galvatron and Soundwave left their perch on Trypticon and watched the fight. Bruticus now added his firepower. Metroplex was weakening. Bruticus suddenly found a grapple on his neck. He found a punch to his optic lens. It did not shatter it, but it was annoying. The source was Jazz, and as Bruticus looked down, he could see many Autobots. He saw Hot Spot and Groove. That meant...but Bruticus was too late. As Jazz withdrew, he found Defensor right in front of him. He would have found Computron too, but the Technobot combiner had gone off to target Piranacon. Jazz and Goldbug regrouped with the other Autobots. There were a good number of them now, and with Warpath, Hound, Seaspray, and others from the original group they could make life very difficult for Galvatron. However they found themselves in a firefight with the various combiner pieces from Predaking and Menasor. If Metroplex could defeat Trypticon, they could still win. Metroplex and Trypticon began manuvering at each other, eventually becoming locked in a rather large wrestling match. Metroplex searched for a hold on the dinosaur and could not find one that he liked. Finally he went low, hoping that Trypticon would try to jump out of the way. Trypticon did jump and Metroplex caught him on his sides near his chest. Now Metroplex intended to hurl him into the ocean, though the ocean was two hundred miles away. He raised him above his head and threw him... about two feet. At that moment Metroplex fell on one knee. He could feel the energy draining out of him. Trypticon and the Decepticons began firing on Metroplex with all they had. Trypticon now turned on the Autobot combiners. He shot down Superion and dispersed the Aerialbots. He knocked over Computron with his tail and then broke him up with his mouth cannon. Defensor began to withdraw, knowing he was next. Bruticus took the opportunity to attack the various Autobots on the field. He downed Pipes and Outback. Jazz and Goldbug transformed to avoid him. Sixshot appeared, and he began hunting the survivors of the Combiners. He left three Aerialbots disabled. Most of his firepower was reserved for Metroplex. The sixchanger wanted nothing less than to be the one who took the final shot. Hound, Seaspray, Warpath, Jazz, Goldbug, and Defensor began to gather to each other for one final stand. Neither Autobot or Decepticon noticed a white dot on the horizon. As Sky Lynx flew closer, Optimus opened a door to the air outside. "Dinobots, destroy Devastator!" Grimlock responded, "Me Grimlock love déjà vu!" The five Dinobots leaped from the moving shuttle. This time they caught Devastator by surprise. Galvatron angrily noted their appearance and tried to pinpoint where they had come from. On Sky Lynx, Optimus Prime and Getaway were the only remaining passengers. The shuttle landed and the two exited. Optimus Prime looked over the battle and muttered, more to himself than anyone else, Trypticon must be stopped, no matter the cost. Rev and Chip were already in their positions. Optimus transformed into truck mode with the lunar station trailer coming behind. Getaway tailed from a safe distance. The first Decepticon that Optimus found was Sixshot, who was oblivious to him, and got clocked out of the way. Thrust too could not move fast enough. Divebomb managed to jump out of the way, but then Optimus transformed out of his trailer AND his TRAILER TRANSFORMED WITH HIM. Optimus now became the centerpiece of Powermaster Optimus Prime. With the big massive black guns, Optimus knocked the arms off of Bruticus. Piranacon tried to use his Targetmaster abilities, but Optimus had too much armor. Optimus took down Piranacon with his second black rifle, damaging the Overbite and Skalor legs. Meanwhile Getaway rallied the Autobots. Defensor advanced on Piranacon, while Getaway led the charge on the Stunticons and Predacons. The Dinobots finished Devastator and began to move on to Bruticus. Galvatron raged as Optimus Prime was now engaged with Trypticon itself. He could not believe the great size that Optimus had obtained. He also could not believe that Onslaught had told him that no Autobots would come from the moon. Sky Lynx pounced on Razorclaw and Soundwave. Powermaster Optimus was not quite as big as Defensor or Bruticus, but his firepower was formidable. He was also much quicker than Trypticon. His shoulder cannons could bombard the Decepticon with shot and shell and then he could dodge any retaliation. Galvatron watched as his army began to wither. Trypticon was taking a pounding. Trypticon was his only way off this battlefield and planet. Galvatron knew what he had to do. "Decepticons! Retreat to Trypticon! Trypticon, transform to spaceship mode! Astrotrain! Cover the retreat! You may have won this time, Prime, but I shall have my revenge!" yelled Galvatron. Some Decepticons had to be carried to Trypticon, but they all made it. Optimus let them go. There was still work to be done. Optimus Prime disconnected from the trailer body and met his Autobots as they rushed to meet him. They had mixed emotions. Before they could speak, Prime motioned to the Protectobots. "Organize the wounded, First Aid. The rest of you help out. Warpath, reconnect Metroplex to the power relays. When he has enough power, move him back to Autobot City. Hound and Seaspray help him. Sky Lynx, prepare for flight. Jazz, Goldbug, the Dinobots, and I have a trip to Nebulos to make." Getaway motioned, "What about me, Prime? What should I do?" "You"ve done enough, old friend. Though once the Technobots are up to it, you can help them fix the Turbo Racer," said Optimus. "I imagine Wheeljack would be glad to see it in one piece again." "What about Galvatron, Prime?" asked Goldbug. "I think Galvatron will take some time to reflect and repair before he strikes again. And again you men showed him why he should just give up the business of evil. Our battle today is not over, but for this moment, you have made me proud to serve the way of justice," said Optimus Prime. NEBULOS Within Scorponok, Zarak was steaming. His time away from Nebulos had degraded his control over the hive machines. Many of them were controlled by the Nebulan villages from stations designed from Fortress Maximus. The result had been an endless stalemate. Headmasters and Targetmasters everywhere. It was so frustrating. If only the Hive had not built their cities so well! Then Fortress Maximus would have been a pushover. The other side was no less fatigued. Constant fighting was draining on them too. Kup shook his head as he and Hot Rod dodged fire from above. "Reminds me of the time on Bega Four, when our ship crashed and we were surrounded by Raticulae for three weeks," said the veteran. "How"d you beat them?" asked Hot Rod. "Well, the Raticulae seemed to have a matriarchal hierarchy, so we split of the Queen from the rest of the pack and they were lost after that," answered Kup. "Hmm. Do you think we can corner Scorponok away from the other Decepticons?" asked Hot Rod. "Yes, but why would you want to?" asked Kup. "I"ve got a feeling," answered Hot Rod. He then explained his plan to Kup. Cyclonus noticed a white blurr in the sky. Scourge also noted it, "Sky Lynx. It could be Galvatron has failed." "Yes, Scourge, but remember there"s a second part to our mission. The Autobots might yet prove useful to us," answered Cyclonus. Sky Lynx landed in the Autobot lines. For the first time Hot Rod and Kup got to meet Powermaster Prime. The two looked at each other and laughed. Not at Prime, but at how easy their plan was going to be with the addition of the new big guy, Jazz, Goldbug, the Dinobots, and Sky Lynx. They told Optimus what they wanted to do and then Prime organized his forces. Apeface and Snapdragon noted that they were cut off from Scorponok by fire from two directions. Jazz and Goldbug provided part of it, and Chromedome provided the rest. Cyclonus and Scourge tried to support them from the air only to become targets for Brainstorm and Highbrow in vehicle mode. With Scorponok cleaved off from the group, Fortress Maximus, Powermaster Optimus Prime, the Dinobots, and Sky Lynx concentrated their power on the massive scorpion robot. Zarak could not believe it. Galvatron had failed on Earth, clearly. Now there was too much firepower, firepower than he did not know the Autobots even possessed. He could not stay here. Cyclonus flew through the hail of fire to the head of Scorponok. "I think it is right to withdraw now." Zarak flinched under the fire and asked, "Where would we go?" Cyclonus responded, "To Charr." Zarak nodded. "Withdraw men, withdraw." Scorponok turned into spaceship mode and the various Decepticons climbed on board. "And that takes care of that," said Kup. "I"m not sure. We hit Scorponok pretty hard, but the others weren"t bad off. Something else is going on. Sky Lynx, take me, Jazz, Goldbug, and the Dinobots to Cybertron. We will monitor things from there," said Optimus. CHARR Scorponok tried to land but found himself under fire from the start. The Decepticon targetmasters abandoned their weapons and bailed out. The Headmasters were not so lucky, as they had to leave their heads behind. Zarak roared through the head of Scorponok. Treachery! Scorponok was getting hit from all directions, but the worst hits were coming from a giant lizard like thing that Zarak had never seen before. It was of course Trypticon. Zarak and his Hive brethren found Scorponok too damaged to fight back. They could only run. Where would they go? Who could know? Galvatron smiled. His conquest may have been delayed, but the Hive were removed from his troubles. The Constructicons went out to gather up the Headmaster beasts. They would all need new heads. The Targetmasters would need their old weapons back. The Decepticons were whole once again, free of Hive influence.